:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands==
===-----         (313)558-5024 - Supra 14.4 - Sysop: Gug               A Game Master Support BBS    
      RPG, Homebrew Beer,  & Fiction Text.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
:.Author: cbcsc063@ma.secs.csun.edu (Roger M. Wilcox a.k.a. Jeff Boeing)Anyways, IUDC was written (p
rimarily) in 1986.  This story, The Sick Kids,is its sequel, and was written two years later in 1988
.  To date this isthe only novel-length work of fiction I have concocted, and it still standsas one 
of my better (though still seriously flawed) prose works.Those of you who have memorized the nuances
 of all the AD&D first editionloopholes will doubtlessly get a big kick out of this.  Especially if 
youpicked apart "Unearthed Arcana" the way I did when I got it in the *middle*of writing this story.
  (Unearthed Arcana is referred to as "The Other Bookof Infinite Wisdom" by the characters in this s
tory.)If anyone's interested, I can put together an ASCII version of the actualcharacter sheets for 
the characters in this story.  I used them *constantly*for reference to make sure I wasn't missing a
ny of their (tons of) abilitiesor enabling them to do anything they couldn't.----------CUT HERE-----
-----CUT HERE-----------CUT HERE----------   Roger M. Wilcox                           Length = 5500
0 words18550 Prairie St. # 10 Northridge, CA 91324    April 2, 1987                         "The Sic
k Kids"                         Roger M. Wilcox                             PART ONE     Sick Sword 
nursed her baby daughter in one arm and her SickSword in the other.  Disgusting Sword was quite a na
me to be bornwith, but she was worth it.  After all, she would never have evenbeen born had not the 
Intercontinental Union of DisgustingCharacters brought Sick Sword and Ringman the paladin together. 
    Ringman entered from a nearby room and smiled at the sight. About a year ago, Sick Sword had mov
ed the small keep she'dgained from the Deck of Many Things to the same clearing in whichshe and Ring
man had had their first romantic interlude, and thesunlit trees sparkled gaily through the portal sp
ells -- er,windows.  This place hadn't seen any combat in its life, andRingman always liked being ab
le to walk around without having towear +5 plate mail.     "Do you know what day this is?" Sick Swor
d asked as shesimultaneously carried on a telepathic conversation with the SickSword.     "It's Tues
day," Ringman chuckled in reply.     "Mm hmm.  It was also one year ago this date that theI.U.D.C. w
as completely disbanded."     "Oh, that's _right_!  It is, isn't it?  And it's also thefirst anniver
sary of Omnion's death."     "Thank goodness you got rid of her, too.  She was a realpain.  I'm just
 sorry that God II doesn't condone going to theouter planes and destroying someone's soul, otherwise
 I'd --"     "-- But you wouldn't want to lose your alignment status, nowwould you?" Ringman assured
 her.     "Mm, I s'pose not.  I just don't like the thought of hertaking over Hell, or coming back a
s a 49th-level arch-lich, orplane-travelling to any of the other outer planes and wreakingany more h
avoc."     Ringman hadn't heard of this last one.  "She can do that?"     "Well, not for another 99 
years; and even then she couldn'tget away with much.  Most of her power lay in her magic items,and t
hey've all been stored away in The Dungeon."     "Uh, you _do_ mean a few levels _below_ The Dungeon
, don'tyou?"     "Yeah, yeah, well, it's all the same place," Sick Swordagreed as she put down her S
ick Sword.  "I had to do _something_with that old freehold of mine, didn't I?  And what better use i
sthere for stone walls and adamantite bars than to hold all thesurviving Union members?"     "Ah yes
.  Wild Max, the Grandfather of Assassins; Rango, the17th-level ranger; Dirk the Destructive, the 20
th-level anti-paladin; Da Bad Dude, the 31st-level evil illusionist; and thatdastardly 20th-level 'p
aladin' Peter Perfect.  I hope I never seeany of 'em again."     "Without their magic items and stri
pped of their psionicpowers, they're just as harmless as 31st-level kittens."     Ringman suppressed
 a shudder and decided to change thesubject.  "So, what were you discussing with your sword justnow?
"     'He's getting pretty perceptive,' Sick Sword noted.  "I wasjust seeing how well it was doing i
n the major benign powersdepartment."     "And how many major powers does it have now?"     "It's up
 to five.  Two more and I get another prime power."     Ringman shook his head and snorted a disbeli
eving chuckle ashe turned and walked out of the room.  "I always thought it tookmore than a year for
 something to become an artifact," hemuttered.     The Sick Sword's rate of power gain _was_ pretty 
impressive,she figured.  "I have eight extraordinary powers and eightspecial purposes," the Sick Swo
rd had told her.  "I'm almost anartifact right now.  Why not let me go that last extra step andbecom
e a real artifact?"  She had agreed, but she also made surethat the sword picked up enough malevolen
t and side effects tokeep its personality score below hers.  The sword, therefore, nowhad "alignment
 of possessor permanently changed to that of item"and "user has limited omniscience" as well as best
owing totalimmunity to all forms of mental and psionic attack.     She fingered Disgusting Sword's c
hin lightly, and the babyreplied with "Hi mommy, you feel nice."  Age 3 months was alittle late to s
tart speaking, but she would catch up.  She'dneed all the skills she could muster if she were to bec
ome aspowerful as Sick Sword wanted her to be.     And then again, she thought as she rubbed her bel
ly, ifDisgusting Sword didn't measure up, there was always the nextchild she was pregnant with.     
                           #     "YOU!!" Rango screamed, clawing through the adamantite bars. "YOU'R
E the one who got me into this mess!  You ought to be inone of these cells just as much as any of us
!!"     Clerasil the 38th-level high priest maintained his smugness. "If you recall, I changed my mi
nd."     "Yeah, right, and I suppose none of the other Union membersgave you AAANNYYY peer pressure 
to stay in the group!"     "That's right."     "That's because you were away from headquarters when 
youdefected!!"     "True, true.  But Wierd Dough wasn't away fromheadquarters."     "He was also nea
rly fried by that half-elven ultra-arch-devil!"     "Koenieg, Middle Monk, and Melnic the Loud thoug
ht the riskwas worth taking."     "My God IV, man, Wierd Dough didn't even let me IN on whatwas goin
g on!!"     "You knew about them later.  Omnion was practicallyscreaming their names out at every tu
rn, from what I hear.  Youcould _always_ have come over to the Right Side."     "UP YOUR SIXTEEN-FOO
T-STOP, CLERASIL!!"     Clerasil, in the most insulting gesture he could dream up,grinned at him and
 left without another word.     "Looks like Rango hasn't calmed down yet," Wierd Dough the49th-level
 arch-mage commented when Clerasil joined him.     "Yeah, yeah, and he's sort-of right."  Clerasil w
as lookingslightly down and away.  "We _did_ make the Union in the firstplace, after all."     "Hmmp
h.  Don't think Peter Perfect wasn't instrumental inthat too."     Koenieg the 14th-level Great Drui
d broke his druidicsilence.  "It is very convenient for you, then, to have PeterPerfect to dump all 
of your blame and guilt on."     Wierd Dough blinked at that.  Clerasil only looked down andaway eve
n more.     Middle Monk the Grand Master of Flowers, meanwhile,approached Da Bad Dude's cell.  "How 
ya doin', Da Bad Dude?"     The illusionist growled.  "If I had my spell books rightnow, I'd cream y
ou."     Middle Monk folded his arms.  "No you wouldn't."     "Okay, then," Da Bad Dude decided, "If
 I had my spell booksand my psionic powers, I'd cream you!"     "No you wouldn't."     "Well, then, 
if I had my spell books, and my psionic powers,and my _magic items_, I'd cream you!"     "No you wou
ldn't."  Middle Monk turned and walked away.     "ALL RIGHT, THEN," Da Bad Dude shouted after him, "
IF I HADMY SPELL BOOKS, AND MY PSIONIC POWERS, AND MY MAGIC ITEMS, AND MY_ARTIFACTS_, I'D CREAM YOU!
!"     Middle Monk rejoined the other anti-Disgusting-Characters. Melnic the loud the Magna-Alumnae 
bard looked around.  "So, whyisn't Sick Sword on these little prison tours any more?"     "She _says
_ it's because she doesn't believe in laughing atthe prisoners," Wierd Dough said, "Which is ridicul
ous because_everybody_ likes to gawk at the bad guys.  Actually, she hasn'tbeen around recently beca
use --" he made a cradle out of his arms"-- she has a little ga-ga to take care of."     Clerasil sh
ook his head.  "I _told_ her not to take off thatring of protection."     "Aah, she probably wanted 
it that way.  She _is_ a mortalhuman after all, and she _does_ have to worry about the nextgeneratio
n."     Clerasil cocked his head to one side.  "So are you."     "Er, um, yes, well, ahem, you see, 
I haven't had . . . uh. . . much time for family life recently.  Yeah, that's it, notmuch time."    
 "Oh?" said Middle Monk.  "You seemed to have plenty of timefor that cute blond apprentice sorceress
 last --"     "That's different!" Wierd Dough stammered.  "She needed helplearning her . . . um, som
atic technique."     "I'll bet.  What did you teach her to cast, a sleep spell?"     "Well, you're j
ust jealous because _you_ couldn't score withany of the female recruits in your monastery."     Cler
asil intervened.  "_You've_ got your monastery, MiddleMonk; _you_, Wierd Dough, have your wizard's c
ollege; _you_, Melnicthe Loud, have your faculty position at Ollamh; _you_, Koenieg,have your trees;
 and _I_ have my church of Clerasilism.  We'vebeen out of the Disgusting Character scene for over a 
year now. I don't even know why we bother to come to The Dungeon any more."     "TO CHORTLE AT PETER
 PERFECT," Wierd Dough, Melnic the Loud,and Middle Monk replied.     Peter Perfect heard that, and c
lenched his teeth.  He wasthe greatest thing on horseback until _those_ wimps decided tojoin up with
 Sick Sword.  Now, he'd already spent a whole damnyear rotting away between adamantite bars and unbr
eakable stonewalls.  They'd stripped him of all his magic items.  They'dwhittled him down to zero ps
ionic strength points, feeblemindedhim, inflicted him with idiocy through an ego whip, then healedbo
th the idiocy and the feeblemind to leave him exactly as he wasbefore except without any psionic pow
ers.  They'd dispelled everyspell he'd had made permanent upon him.  And they'd been feedinghim terr
ible meals every day since then -- without any dessert.     He'd show 'em.  He'd get out and get eve
n with them . . .somehow.                                #     Sick Sword's second baby was just as 
beautiful a girl as thefirst, especially considering that they both had 18 charisma.  Infact, they b
oth had straight 18's all the way across the board. She'd named this second child Ridiculous Sword, 
in the hope thatshe'd be even more powerful than her first daughter.  She alsohoped that Disgusting 
Sword wouldn't mind if she playedfavorites.     "Don't play favorites, mommy," Disgusting Sword warn
ed her. So much for that idea.     Ringman entered the nursery and put his hands on RidiculousSword.
  "May I?" he asked.     "Be my guest," Sick Sword shrugged.     Ringman picked up the little girl a
nd held her close to hischest.  Ridiculous Sword liked that.  She always liked being heldby daddy.  
She reached up and ran her tiny fingers through hisbeard.     "So," Ringman said, "You're going to b
ring them up to beweapons masters, then clerics, then magic-users, right?"     "No, silly, they're g
oing to be druids first."     "Uh . . . druids?"     "Sure.  First they become druids and work their
 way up to14th level, then they change to monk, then at 17th level theychange to thief, then --"    
 "My goodness, what are they going to be?  Characters withseven classes?"     "Eight classes, actual
ly.  After thief comes paladin, thencomes illusionist, then cleric, then magic-user, and finallyweap
ons master.  I figured if you put weapons master last youcould get to the highest level in that clas
s, and that way youcould do even more per-level damage in melee combat."     "Oh, _wow_, you're rais
ing them to be the last word inkilling machines."  Ridiculous Sword sensed his anxiety andwithdrew. 
 "Sick Sword, what _use_ is there in making them intodisgusting characters?!"     Sick Sword frowned
.  "Don't _ever_ call them that."     "Why not?  You're a disgusting character.  Just because youdid
n't join the _Union_ of Disgusting Characters doesn't mean youdidn't make yourself just as powerful 
as they were."     "Look, mister self-righteous, we've been over this before. I made myself disgusti
ng so that I could get _rid_ of theDisgusting Characters.  You know it would have been impossible to
stop them otherwise; you were there."     "And that's just the point.  They're _not around_ anymore.
 You don't _need_ our kids to kill centaurs and take their fourone-million-gold-piece gems.  In fact
, who's to say that one ofthem might not turn power-hungry and abuse her disgustingabilities?"     S
ick Sword's eyes turned to steel.  She lunged from herchair and snatched Ridiculous Sword from Ringm
an's arms.  "That'sjust about the lowest suggestion you could make, paladin!  Theseare my children, 
I can keep my kids on the right side!"     "They're my kids, too."     "Not if you're going to raise
 them to be wimps likeyourself!"  Sick Sword shuddered slightly at having said that,then turned her 
eyes away and looked at her daughters instead.     Ringman walked over to a dresser, pulled open a s
malldrawer, and took out a pack of cards.  He slapped them downloudly on the bureau top to get Sick 
Sword's attention.     Sick Sword gasped, "My Hero's Collection of Commonly UsedSayings!  What are y
ou doing with them?!"     Ringman put them in his left shirt pocket.  "You obviouslywon't be needing
 them any more."     "Get out."  It was a simple, poignant command.     "Sick Sword, hon, if you can
't take --"     "Get out!  Get _out_ of my keep!"     Ringman stopped cold.  "Out of the whole house
?"     "Get out!  And don't come back!!"  She pointed.  Her helm oftelepathy flared a dim red.  She'
d psionically dominate his willif she had to.     Open-mouthed, Ringman slowly turned and walked out
 thenursery door.  What had he brought upon himself?!     "Get out!!" she called after him.     He w
alked down the corridor to the foyer, half sad and halfdumbstruck.  He heard Ridiculous Sword's muff
led voice cry,"Daddy?", but nothing else.     'My deity, my deity,' he thought.     He glanced at th
e stone walls around him, half stunned andhalf in sorrow, knowing he'd probably never see them again
.Despite the interior decorations, this place was still a convertedcastle and thus had all the stand
ard fortifications.  The verticalnotch in the outer wall, for instance, was called an arrow slit,and
 Ringman had always thought that was just about the mostsuggestive name for something he'd ever hear
d.  That comforted himlittle now.  He took his +1 composite longbow and his quiver of +1and +3 arrow
s off their pegs by the arrow slit, and staredsolemnly back at the nursery that was now around the c
orner.     "Get out!" Sick Sword insisted.     'X-ray vision,' Ringman thought, halfway in contempt.
     "No, clairvoyance; now _get out_!"     He shook his head and would have chuckled were things no
t sogrim.  He put on the +5 suit of plate mail still standing in thehall while he looked for his +3 
periapt of proof against poison. Periapts were always easy to confuse with any ordinary gems thatmig
ht happen to be lying around.  He found it, though, thanks tothe big white +3 he'd painted on its si
de.  After securing theadamantite-alloyed armor to his body, he strapped his +3 hand axeand +5 holy 
longsword to either side.  Finally, he picked up his+4 shield and slid his arm through it.     One m
ore trinket caught his eye, and he felt even worse forhaving forgotten it.  It was Sick Sword's ring
 of shooting stars. A year-and-a-half ago, right after the downfall of the DisgustingCharacters, he'
d given her the only ring he had, which was hisown ring of shooting stars.     "That's sweet," Sick 
Sword had told him, but insisted thathe take _her_ ring of shooting stars, both to make them even an
din case he ever needed a shooting stars ring again.  Of coursehe'd later recovered his old +3-in-a-
five-foot-radius ring ofprotection since he'd used up his potions and had two more slotsavailable wi
thin his magic item limits, but at times he hadcherished the ring she'd exchanged with him.     He p
icked up the ring, turned it over in his hand, almostput it back down, and finally slid it over his 
left ring fingerwith a sigh.     He opened the outer door, looked out solemnly, then lookedback one 
last time.  "Sick Sword," he began.     "GET OUT!" came the reply.     "I still love you."     "_GET
 OUT_!!"     And so, he did.  He had only one last stop to make, and thatwas at the one-horse stall 
just off the east side of the keep.     "Warhorse, old boy," Ringman addressed his warhorse, "Itlook
s like we'll be riding off alone again."     The horse neighed in apparent sympathy and understandin
g.     Ringman checked the horse's hooves; yes, the horseshoes ofspeed were still firmly in place be
neath the horseshoes of thezephyr.  He hauled out his warhorse's old suit of magic platebarding and 
began to put it on him; the horse didn't mind, seeingthat the armor was nearly weightless.  Odd; the
 Dungeon Mastermust have decided to publish another official book, since thehorse's plate barding ha
d dropped from +5 to +3 and was now onlymeteorite iron steel.  Unlashing the horse's reins from theh
itching post, he put his right foot in the right meteorite-steelstirrup, pulled himself up onto the 
meteorite-steel saddle, andurged the horse forward with a sulken "Giddyap."     He couldn't believe 
Sick Sword had actually thrown him out. She was his girlfriend -- effectively his _wife_ -- and she 
justtossed him out like all their months together had meant nothing. He shook his head hard.  Why ha
d he pushed her so hard about theway she should raise their kids?!  Couldn't he have just talkedher 
out of her position more slowly?  Now those poor, fatherlesschildren would have an even bigger chanc
e of turning to the wrongside!     He'd taken an oath, he assured himself; he'd taken an oathwhen he
 became a paladin to uphold truth, justice, and thelawful-good way.  Like The Impossible Dream, he w
ould "fight forthe right without question or pause" and "be willing to marchinto hell for a heavenly
 cause."  He had to tell her, straight-out, that she was raising their kids to be just as disgusting
 ofcharacters as the ones they'd both despised.  Maybe she'd cooldown, eventually; maybe she'd even 
see it his way.     He rode off into the wilderness.  He didn't feel like goingback into town right 
away.  The old I.U.D.C. headquarters at thebank of Crysglass lake, in fact, would probably provide t
hesolitude he needed, if it wasn't swarming with scavenginglooters.  Who needed that old Sick Sword 
anyway?  After all, fromone centaur she'd gained four million experience points, and frombeing instr
umental in saving Central Earth _he'd_ gained enoughexperience points to put him a fourth of the way
 to his nextlevel. . . .                                #     Peter Perfect hadn't heard many things
 from all the timesthe Anti-Disgusting Characters had come to gawk at him, but he'dheard enough.  Ev
ery magic item and magic artifact the Union hadhad was stored in some vault a few levels below The D
ungeon. This included his sentient holy sword, Prometheus.  He crossedhis legs on the floor and trie
d as best he could to let his mindslip into alpha state.  He wondered why he had never thought ofthi
s before.     'Prometheus,' the word echoed in his mind.  'Prometheus,hear me!'     The sword should
 answer.  Eventually.  Even if Peter wasn'ttelepathic any more, his sword still was.     'Prometheus
!'     "I hear you, Peter Perfect."     A response!  The sword heard him!  At least he _hoped_ thatd
ull voice in his head was the sword's and not something he'dmade up.  'Prometheus, where are you?'  
   "I'm in a dark vault surrounded by bits of enchanted junk. I think I'm a few levels below ground 
in a freehold basement."     'What signal strength are you reaching me at?'     "Really strong.  I f
igure you couldn't be more than fiftyfeet away.  Say, why didn't you use any of your telepathic powe
rsto call me?"     'Because the Anti-Disgusting Characters stripped me of allmy psychic abilities.  
Listen, can you cut your way through theceiling?'     "Sure, I can try, but I can only animate mysel
f for oneminute."     Peter Perfect sighed.  'Yeah, that's right, your telekinesisonly lasts that lo
ng.  Well, give it a try and see what happens.'     "Okay," the voice agreed.     Deep within a cham
ber beneath The Dungeon, something moved. It wriggled its way through all the helms of brilliance an
d ringsof elemental command that had been heaped on top of it, and shotup, impaling itself in the ce
iling.  There, it sawed and priedenough of the stones loose for its hilt to fit through, slid allthe
 way up to the next level, and found a darkened room theretoo.     "I made it up one level," the voi
ce told Peter Perfect, "Butyou're still a ways above me.  I'd estimate you're twenty ortwenty-five f
eet away."     'Well, your teek still has some time to run.  Plow upthrough another level.'     "Rog
er."     The object shot up through the darkness and impacted theceiling.  Peter Perfect could see t
he glowing green bladesticking though his own cell floor.     "It's working, Prometheus!" Peter Perf
ect urged it on withhis own voice.  "Work your way up through the rock!"     The sword blade jutted 
its full length through the stone andsmacked into its own hilt.  "I can't go any further," it spoke 
toPeter directly, "I can get my blade or my handle though, but myT.K.'s almost gone and I can't work
 a hole big enough to fit myhilt through."     By now everyone's attention was drawn to Peter Perfec
t'scell.  Even Wild Max the Grandfather of Assassins was gettinginterested.     "Then turn around an
d stick your grip through the hole,"Peter Perfect insisted.  "I'll take it from there."     "Okay, b
ut --"  The blade withdrew from sight and switchedto telepathy.  "-- hurry up!  I'm almost out of li
ft!"     The grip of the sword barely managed to poke itself throughthe hole.  It shuddered, and sta
rted to drop -- and at just thatinstant, Peter whipped out his hand and grabbed the handle. "GOTCHA!
" he cried.     "Yaaaaay!" all the other Disgusting prisoners cheered.     Peter Perfect acknowledge
d the cheers of his audience, thenstarted to pull the sword loose.  "Come on, give," he insisted,fut
ilely trying to pull the sword through the hole with hismakeshift titan strength.  "What do they mak
e the floors out ofin these places, anyway?"     "Interlocking silicate stones containing trace quan
tities ofmithral, bound together by a mortar laced with 7.3 percentmithral," the sword told him.  "F
ar more sturdy than the stuffthey made the last floor out of."     "Prometheus," Peter Perfect said 
as he continued pulling.     "Yes?"     "Shut up."     Peter started jamming the sword back-and-fort
h.  Bits ofrock crumbled away.  Finally, he gave a good stiff yank and thewhole assembly sprang out 
of the ground and held itself uprightin his right hand.     "All RIGHT, Prometheus," Peter cheered, 
"We're a team again! Now let's get out of this rat trap!"     He swung the sword around edge-on at t
he bars of his cell. The sword thwacked against a bar, made a loud ringing sound, andshook in his ha
nd.  The bar wasn't even scratched.     "Damn," Peter cursed, "That's right.  Solid adamantite bars.
 The pure metal is +6, and you're only a +5 holy avenger.  Well,the floor is just plain old mithral-
laced, and that's only +4; soit looks like we're gonna have to tunnel our way out."     He hacked at
 the ground with Prometheus, widening the oldgash by several centimeters.  He stuck the sword in the
 crack andbegan to saw.  In two minutes he'd nearly completed a fullcircle.  Finally, he withdrew hi
s holy sword and stamped his footdown hard on the saw-loosened section of floor.  The little tabstil
l holding it on broke, and the disk fell through with acrash.     Peter triumphantly jumped down the
 hole, landed on top ofthe slab he'd just loosened, and added enough weight to thealready-punctured 
floor beneath him to break _it_ as well andcontinue on down until he landed in a pile of miscellaneo
us magicitems.     Shaking himself back to his senses, he held prometheus uphigh and looked around. 
 The green glow from the swordilluminated everything within a twenty foot radius; andeverything with
in that radius looked wonderful.     "This is IT!" Peter Perfect cried.  "This is where all ourstuff
 is stored!  In fact . . . yep, there it is!  My old +5 suitof plate mail!"     He pulled himself up
 onto his legs with his makeshift titanstrength (the permanent potion he had in effect didn't increa
sehis to-hit chances, you see) and walked through the minefield ofmagic items to his suit of armor. 
 He was about to put it on whena shimmer off to one side caught his eye.  The sword's greenlight gli
ttered off a coat of very fine chain links.     "On the other hand," Peter Perfect mused, "Why bothe
r withjust a run-of-the-mill suit of +5 plate mail . . ."  He crossedto the chain coat and took it o
ff its wall peg.  ". . . When Ican have the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd?"     "Good choice," said Prom
etheus, thoroughly impressed. "Didn't that used to belong to Omnion?"     "Aah, Omnion's dead now an
yway," Peter replied, pulling thecoat over his head.  "She won't miss it."  He got the coat allthe w
ay on and put his arms through the sleeves.  "Hmmm . . .this only goes out as far as my upper arms a
nd down as far as mygroin.  I'm gonna have to pirate the leggings and vambraces frommy old magic pla
te mail."     He did.  His forearms and legs were now armor class -2.  Heclanked the vambraces on hi
s arms together.  "Ahh, adamantitealloy once again.  It feels so good to have this stuff back on myb
ody."  He tried to impale himself with Prometheus, but it onlysent up a few sparks.  "And this mail 
is totally unbreachable.  Iwonder what kind of stuff it's made out of; pure adamantite wouldonly be 
+6.  Now then, where's my Axe of the Dwarvish Lords?"     He found his Axe, of course, after he'd lo
cated a scarab ofprotection to let him resist the Axe's malevolent effects.  Healso found a germaniu
m ring (that would be a ring of protection)and an obsidian ring (a ring of regeneration).  His cup a
ndtalisman of Al Akbar were hidden behind somebody else's +5 suitof leather armor.  He eventually co
llected a helm of brilliance,a helm of telepathy, a helm of teleportation (which he carefullystacked
 on his head), a medallion of ESP with empathy, all therings of elemental command, a rod of lordly m
ight, a cube offorce, a vampiric ring of regeneration, five dull gray iounstones (which he remembere
d he didn't need since his psionicswere gone), his +4 cloak of protection, a girdle of titanstrength
, one pair of reverse eyes of petrification, his warhorse(which had been stowed in a portable hole f
or the last year-and-a-half), his warhorse's plate barding (which was still +5),gautlets of dexterit
y, gauntlets of ogre power, a ring of raisedead fully, a book of infinite spells or two, every other
 ring hecould possibly use (he could stack them on the inner and outersides of his gauntlets), his l
ongsword of green dragon slaying,and all the other various odds-and-ends he'd had when the Unionwas 
still in force.  It was a good thing he had enough portableholes to carry everything in.     Getting
 out was the easy part.  He simply knocked open thevault door from the inside, mounted his warhorse,
 rode across tothe staircase, and galloped out to freedom.     "Hey," Prometheus complained, "Aren't
 you going to free therest of your comrades?"     "Are you kidding?  Most of them are evil."     "Ra
ngo the ranger isn't evil."     "THAT wimp?  You must be kidding.  Let him find his own wayout."    
 "Don't you even feel obliged to get back at Clerasil andWierd Dough for the way they treated him?  
And you?"     "No, no," Peter explained, "Vengeance isn't my style."     'Now to get even,' he thoug
ht nastily.                                #     Tiamat rolled lazily over onto her back and laid an
otherwhite dragon egg.  This one was of the small variety, so thewhite dragon that grew out of it wo
uldn't have quite as many hitdice as it could.  She wondered if she should bother sending itto a coo
ler climate so that it could survive.     'Naah,' she figured, 'I saved a white dragon runt last wee
k. Let this one burn here in Hell.'     A rap on her front door rudely interrupted her train ofthoug
ht.  "Come in," she grumbled.     Peter Perfect flung open the five-ton mithral door. Suddenly, Tiam
at breathed with all five of her heads at once, andPeter got hit with a cone of frost (which bounced
 off hisInvulnerable Coat of Arnd), a bolt of lightning (which bouncedoff his Coat of Arnd), a strea
m of acid (which bounced off hisCoat of Arnd), a cloud of chlorine gas (which bounced off hisnecklac
e of adaptation), and a cone of fire (which bounced offhis cup and talisman of Al Akbar).     "WHAT 
DO YOU WANT?" all five of Tiamat's heads requested atonce.     "Do you always breathe first and ask 
questions later?"     "Of course," her red and white heads replied, "It keeps outthe door-to-door sa
lesmen."     "Tiamat, let me get right to the point."     "Ohhh, please doooooooo. . . ." her black 
head said acidly.     "I need some help taking revenge on the Anti-DisgustingCharacters."     "And w
hat's in it for me?" her white head asked coldly.     "If I'm right, your life."     "That's a prett
y serious threat," her red head growledhotly.      "Do you seriously think that those new sick kids 
Sick Swordand Ringman have are going to just let you crank out evil dragonsin peace?  More likely, t
hey're going to try to hack your brainsout right here in your lair.  And if they're anything like th
eirmother, they'll succeed."     "I see your point," her blue head agreed, and there was aspark to i
ts voice.     "So what do we do?" Peter inquired.     "_WE_ DON'T DO ANYTHING," the five heads said 
in unison. "_YOU_ WOULDN'T STAND A CHANCE AGAINST SICK SWORD ONE-ON-ONE.  INFACT, NEITHER WOULD I; B
UT I _CAN_ DESTROY HER AND HER FAMILY. . ." she inhaled, "THROUGH TREACHERY.  SHE AND HER CONSORT,RI
NGMAN, HAVE RECENTLY SPLIT UP, BUT HE DOES NOT REALIZE THAT SHEIS PREGNANT WITH YET A _THIRD_ CHILD.
  A BOY.  I SHALL PLANT THESEED OF EVIL WITHIN SICK SWORD'S WOMB.  WITHOUT A FATHER TO GUIDEHIM, AND
 WITH HIS MOTHER PUSHING HIM TOWARDSDISGUSTING-CHARACTER-LIKE POWER, HE WILL EASILY FALL PREY TOBECO
MING EXACTLY WHAT SHE DESPISES."     "Okay, great," Peter Perfect agreed, "But how are you goingto p
lant this 'seed of evil' in her womb?"     Her green head said: "I'm not," and then the other fourhe
ads kicked back in: "YOU ARE."     Peter folded his arms.  "Phhh, oh, right, I'm just going towalk o
ver to her with a packet of seeds and stuff them up herbirth canal without her objecting."     The c
hromatic dragon only smiled evilly.  Her blue head: "Doyou have a potion of polymorph self in perman
ent effect on you?"     "Of course I do."     "Good. . . ."                                #     Sic
k Sword felt despondent.  Why should she? she thought. What did she need that paladin for, anyway?  
Anybody who said sheshouldn't raise her kids to be tough and successful deserved tobe thrown out.  M
aybe she just needed somebody else to go to bedwith.  Yeah, that must be it, she just had to get lai
d.     She set Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword down -- they'dknow how to take care of themselv
es -- put on her most arousingskin-tight suit, and teleported into town just outside thesaloon.     
"Hey, Sick Sword!" echoed someone's voice as she walkedthrough the swinging doors.  Then another: "H
ey, Sick Sword!"     "How ya doin', Sick Sword?!" everybody turned around andsaid.     Sick Sword sm
iled wanly and started checking out the meat. She knew most of these guys so well she couldn't stoma
ch the ideaof propositioning them.  There was one newcomer who caught hereye, though, and she decide
d to try him.     "You're new around here, aren't you?" she sidled up to him.     The stranger's azu
re eyes looked straight at her.  There wasa nervousness about them that he kept carefully hidden.  "
Yes, asa matter of fact, this is the first time I've been out in over ayear.  I'm a paladin."     "R
eally?" she said.  "Uh, hold on just a moment."     She turned around, made some barely-noticeable g
estures,took a pinch of something out of a pouch, and mumbled somephrases in Latin.  The stranger cu
pped one hand to his ear andlistened.  He recognized the incantation; she was casting adetect lie sp
ell.  He would have to be very careful about what hesaid to her from then on.     Forty-two seconds 
later, she whirled back around and asked,"Say that again?"     "You mean that I'm a paladin?"     In
 her mind, a green light blinked over the stranger's head. He was telling the truth.  "How interesti
ng.  I like paladins. What's your name?"     The stranger's eyes rolled up into his head for a split
-second, then he decided, "Call me Slim."     He wasn't very slim -- he was quite brawny, as a matte
r offact -- but she let it slide.  "Okay, Slim," she stuck out herright hand, "I'm --"     "Sick Swo
rd.  Yes, I know."  He took her hand and kissed it. "I've heard much about you, m'lady."     Sick Sw
ord took her right hand back with a coquettish smile. "You're cute, you know that?"     Slim smiled 
and raised his eyebrows.  "Yes, I do.  You'renot so bad-looking yourself, either."     "Hey," Sam th
e bar frequenter said to the bartender,"Wouldja lookit Sick Sword put the moves on that guy?"     Th
e bartender shook his head.  "I know.  Jeez."     "But don't she and Ringman --"     "Well, ya never
 can tell these days."     "So," Sick Sword winked at her pick-up, "You wanna splitthis joint and co
me up to my keep?"     "Mmmm, sounds like fun."  He winked back.     'Thank goodness this guy doesn'
t scare as easily as most ofthem do,' she thought.     "So, are you going to use any of those specia
l powers ofyours and teleport us there, or --"     "As a matter of fact --" boink "-- yes, I am."   
  Slim looked around and took his bearings.  Considering thelarge bed dominating the scene, this was
 probably her bedroom. This girl didn't waste any time.  He felt even more nervous thanbefore, now t
hat he was in her home court.  He had no armor,weapons, psionic powers, or charms; if she decided to
 take hertroubles out on him now . . .     She stripped herself down to her bare 18 charisma skin ri
ghtin front of him.  He would have come in his pants were hischarisma not the epitome of perfection 
to match.  He slowlyunbuttoned his shirt, exposing the beefy chest within.  SickSword couldn't restr
ain herself any longer and took off hisclothes for him in a 150%-permanent-potion-of-speeded flash. 
    They didn't even bother to get beneath the sheets.                                #     "Mmmm, y
ou're not bad, kiddo," Sick Sword cooed into his earafter the exciting part was over.  "Where did yo
u say you werefrom?"     "I didn't say where I was from," Slim told her.  "I hope Ididn't get you --
"     "Oh, don't worry about that, I'm _already_ pregnant."     "Oh . . ." Slim said, trying to act 
surprised.  "Um, Imeant, I hope I didn't give you any --"     "Well, you're immune to diseases anywa
y, being a paladin andall; and even if you _are_ carrying something, I've always got myperiapt of he
alth."     "Oh.  Glad to hear it.  Well . . ."     "Well, um, I . . . uh . . . guess I'll see you la
ter then?"     "Uh, yeah, guess I'll see you later too."     They got up and got dressed at opposite
 ends of the room. If anything, Sick Sword felt worse.     "G'bye," Slim said, and walked out the fr
ont door.     'Hmm,' She figured, 'Guess he didn't need a ride back.'     Slim didn't need a ride ba
ck, certainly not.  His warhorsewas parked just beyond the edge of the clearing he was nowexiting, a
s a matter of fact.  He could see the +5 plate bardingthrough the trees.     "Whew," he told his hor
se, "Glad that's over with.  Shecoulda gotten suspicious at any second."     "Neeeigh," the horse re
plied.     "Yeah, I know what you mean."  He pulled the finely-tooledchain shirt out from one of the
 saddlebags of holding and put iton.  By the time he'd drawn the coat of mail completely down overhi
s torso, his features had changed.  His hair was blond.  Hislower jaw jutted ever-so-slightly more f
orward.  His cheekboneswere slightly wider.  And his voice was more firmly in thebaritone range.    
 He put on a weapon belt and drew its green glowing sword. "Well, Prometheus," he said to the sword,
 "At least I got laid. Even if that wasn't my own sperm I injected into her womb."                  
              #     Ringman only heard about his son Gross Sword through thegrapevine.  After living
 with his lady love for eighteen months,here he was right back in his old cottage in town.  Of cours
e hiscottage was actually a small castle, but without Sick Sword in itit was hardly a keep.  He'd ne
ver managed to get back to the waythings were before Peter Perfect and the Disgusting Charactershad 
come along.  He would've started drinking were he notconcerned about keeping his paladinhood.     So
 he had a third kid and he'd probably never see him.  He'dcome back to Sick Sword's keep once, all r
ight -- for the sake ofseeing his daughters if not her -- but she only tossed him outwith an even lo
uder "GET OUT" than before.  The glimpse he'dgotten of her face before she slammed the door looked m
ore likeOmnion than it did like her.  The next thing he knew, Sick Swordhad moved her keep several l
eagues away, back to where she'dfirst drawn it from the deck.  He hadn't seen or heard from hersince
.  Well, a paladin operated best as a solo player anyway; atleast, that was how he tried to reassure
 himself.     He picked a volume up from one of his shelves and flipped tothe page he'd had marked. 
 His doomed relationship hadn't been atotal loss; she _had_ taught him how to read.                 
               #     Disgusting Sword reached her first level of Druidicism atage 10 1/2. Again, she
 was a slow developer, but she could stillmake it.  Sick Sword took her to the edge of a centaurs' l
air andpointed inside.     "That's a centaur's lair," she told her daughter.     "I know," Disgustin
g Sword replied.     "Good.  And you know what to do?"     "Of course."  Disgusting Sword activated 
her permanentpotion of flying at 150% effectiveness and wafted into theshallow cave.     One psionic
 blast and several clatterings of gems later, sheemerged as a 15th level druid, a 17th level monk, a
n 18th levelthief, a 21st level paladin, a 31st level illusionist, a 38thlevel cleric, a 49th level 
magic-user, and a 58th level weaponsmistress.     "Well," she said to Sick Sword, making sure all 53
3 of herhit points were in place, "That was easy.  How long before mymagic sword becomes an artifact
?"     Ridiculous Sword was a little smarter.  The only reasonsDisgusting Sword had taken those part
icular levels of developmentwas so that each of her classes would be of higher level than theone bef
ore it.  Reading between the lines on the rules,Ridiculous Sword figured that it didn't matter what 
order herlevels were stacked in, so long as the last class she chose hadthe highest experience level
.  As the bard class couldn't bestarted with a lawful-good alignment, she would need that rulesassum
ption if she were to become both a 20th level paladin and a23rd level bard without losing her paladi
nhood.       And so, hitting the centaur pits on her tenth birthday (onlyone day after her sister di
d), Ridiculous Sword emerged as a 23rdlevel druid, a 15th level assassin, a 17th level monk, a 17thl
evel ranger, a 17th level thief, a 23rd level bard, a 20th levelpaladin, a 31st level illusionist, a
 38th level cleric, a 49thlevel magic-user, and a 60th level weapons mistress.  She wouldhave gone f
arther in that last class had not the . . . DungeonMaster . . . set the maximum half-point-per-level
 damage bonusfor weapons masters at +30 points.     And she didn't stop at just one artifact weapon 
like hersister did, either.  No sirree.  No one "Ridiculous Sword" forRidiculous Sword.  She had the
 Ridiculous Hand Axe -- a +6 holyvorpal defender frost-brand flame-tongue sun luckblade ofwounding, 
dancing, life stealing, disruption, slaying everything(as in the arrows of the same name), throwing,
 thunderbolts, redblue green black white brass & copper dragon slaying, speed,final word, and nine l
ives stealing with maximum intelligence,eight special purposes, and enough artifact powers to leave 
herset for life (including "weapon damage is +2 hit points" takenfive times) -- sure, Disgusting Swo
rd practically had one ofthose.  But she also had the Ridiculous Broadsword, which did_almost_ every
thing the Ridiculous Hand Axe did except allow herto cause serious wounds by touch.  And she had the
nearly-identical Ridiculous Dagger and Ridiculous Longsword, bothto boost her weapon damage by 20 po
ints and to serve in melee ifshe had to fight for more than four minutes and got to loose theother t
wo weapons to dance.  And in case she got totally unarmed,she also had the Ridiculous Pair of Gloves
, although it seemedkind of strange to combine the gauntlets of ogre power effectwith a +6 holy vorp
al pair of gloves of wounding and all therest.  And she had the Other Ridiculous Pair of Gloves, in 
caseher first pair got to fight for more than four minutes and couldbe loosed to dance.     And as i
f that weren't disgusting enough, she topped it offwith the granddaddy of all artifacts: the Bracer 
of IrresistibleDamage.  No sentience, no ego, just immunity to all forms ofmental, psionic, heat-in-
a-20-foot-radius, and cold attacks, andthe ability to cast first, second, third, and fourth-level sp
ellssimultaneously.     And the "weapon damage is +2 hit points" major benign powertaken 100 times. 
    Then came Gross Sword's turn.  The lad was younger than hissisters, a bare nine years old, and S
ick Sword had felt uneasyabout her third child all along the way.  But she felt obliged,and was dete
rmined, to prove to herself that she didn't need thatold paladin Ringman to bring up her kids as dei
ty-level psionicmagical powerhouses that could _really_ take care of themselves inthe outside world.
  And so, when Gross Sword's whack at thecentaurs came, he was ready; although not quite the kind of
 readythat Sick Sword had hoped.     He found the cave, jumped in, and hit all the centaurs inthe ro
om with a psionic blast just like Sick Sword had told himto.  That stunned most of them and put the 
rest of them in acoma.  He collected the sixty million gold pieces worth ofmillion-gold-piece gems j
ust like Sick Sword had told him to. And he systematically killed every centaur in the room withoutt
elling Sick Sword or anybody.     He emerged into daylight and immediately began spending hisexperie
nce points just as his sisters had.  He progressed untilhe was a twenty-third level druid, then swit
ched and became afifteenth level assassin, then a seventeenth level monk, and thenon to rangerhood. 
    Well, not quite on to rangerhood, and that made Sick Swordfeel really uneasy.  What he chose ins
tead was to become an anti-ranger so that he wouldn't once have to shift his alignment awayfrom evil
.     'Have I created a monster?' Sick Sword thought.  'No, no,I'm overreacting.  Gross Sword knows 
what he's doing, sure.  Hisalignment doesn't really mean that much, does it?  After all, theIntercon
tinental Union of Disgusting Characters had all _sorts_ ofdifferent alignments in it, and they got a
long just . . . fine.. . .'     And up through the 17th level of anti-rangerdom, to the 17thlevel as
 a thief, to the 23rd level as a bard, and then . . . andthen he became an anti-paladin all the way 
out to the 20th level.     But still, Sick Sword held firm.  This was her son, forcrying out loud, s
he couldn't just send him to his room forsomething so trivial as an alignment choice, now could she?
  Naw,of course not.  And besides, his becoming an anti-paladin wouldallow him to keep all the benef
its of being an anti-ranger. Yeah, that must be why he did it.  Yeah, yeah, sure.     Gross Sword ke
pt that chaotic-evil alignment of his anti-paladinhood all through his being a 31st level illusionis
t, a38th level cleric, a 49th level magic-user, and a 60th levelweapons master.  It would be stupid 
to change alignments now;he'd have to sacrifice both his anti-rangerhood and his anti-paladinhood if
 he did.  Sick Sword knew that, and she wasn'tabout to change him into anything less powerful than h
e alreadywas.     And like Ridiculous Sword, Gross Sword bought four hundredof each type of pearl of
 power (so that he could cast 426 of eachlevel of magic-user spell every day) and created seven magi
cartifacts for himself: the Gross Dagger, the Gross Broadsword,the Gross Longsword, the Gross Hand A
xe, the Gross Pair ofGloves, the Other Gross Pair of Gloves, and the Other Bracer ofIrresistible Dam
age.     It didn't take long for all three of them to probability-travel through a few dozen spheres
 of annihilation and gain everymajor and minor psionic discipline, either, but every DisgustingChara
cter had done that at one time or another.     'Every _Disgusting Character_?' Sick Sword thought in
 horror. 'No, no, they're not Disgusting Characters.  Not _my_ kids.  No,they're anti-Disgusting Cha
racters, just like I am.  They mustbe.  They have to be.'     Ridiculous Sword, on the other hand, w
as extremely nervousabout her kid brother.                                #     A clamor in the stre
ets shook Ringman from his midday doze. He heard cries of "Run for your lives!", "My god, it's him!"
, and"He's back!".  'Finally,' Ringman thought.  'I haven't seen anyaction in nearly nine  years!'  
He clasped himself into his +5suit of plate mail -- it still fit -- strapped on his +4 shield,fasten
ed his weapons belt around his waist, made sure his tworings were still in place, and tramped out in
to the middle oftown.       He'd walked barely fifty feet from his door when he stoppeddead in his t
racks.  He recognized the figure at the other end ofthe street and drew his holy avenger.     "Peter
 Perfect!" Ringman worked his voice into order.   "How . . . how did _you_ get out?!"     Peter had 
positioned himself so that he stood directlybetween Ringman and the sun.  It made him look more impr
essivethat way.  "Ha ha, I've been 'out' for nine-and-a-half years!" He started to approach.  "And I
 must say, your ex-concubine isreally good in bed!"     Ringman gasped.  "Sick Sword!  What have you
 done to her?!"     "Nothing, Ringman, nothing at all.  Nothing she didn't agreeto, anyway."     Rin
gman suppressed a shiver.  He couldn't speak.     "Face it, Ringboy, you're ancient history and Sick
 Swordknows it!  And so does Prometheus, right?"     "Right," the sword in his right hand pulsed.  I
t would havesmiled if magic swords could smile.  "It's been a long time,Ringman."     Ringman sneere
d.  "At least the holy sword I have nowdoesn't want to kill everything in sight!"     "Too bad," Pro
metheus sighed.  "It doesn't know what it'smissing."     "Oh, sure it does, Prome," Peter Perfect to
ld his sword, atevery moment stalking closer to Ringman.  "It used to have a muchmore lethal wielder
, remember?"     Ringman clenched his jaw hard.  "They should never have letyou live, Peter Perfect.
"  He spat out the two P's.     "And I should never have let you live," Peter cursed, andcharged at 
him.     Ringman saw the incoming flash of green.  He gasped, raisedhis shield, and blocked Peter's 
Promethean swing with a full-parry.  Pete followed up by hacking with his Axe of the DwarvishLords; 
he hit Ringman's right shoulder, but not hard enough tosever the arm.  (That is, he didn't roll an 1
8, 19, or 20.)  Ofcourse, Peter Perfect's cause-serious-wounds-by-touch abilitydidn't help Ringman m
uch, but at least he saved against contactparalyzation.  As he clutched the wound with his shield ar
m,Peter Perfect kicked his groin with an adamantite-tipped boot ashard as he could.  Even Ringman's 
+5 plate mail couldn'tdissipate _all_ the impact strength of a blow like that; heshrieked involuntar
ily, and was stunned.     Peter Perfect straddled him, a nasty smirk across his face. He reached dow
n and tore the +4 shield from Ringman's left arm,then reached out once more for his downed opponent'
s holyavenger.  Panicking himself back to his senses, Ringman rolledaside and kept his holy sword in
 his own right hand.     "Think you're pretty tough, do you, paladin?" Pete scorned. "You all though
t The Dungeon was pretty tough too, didn't you!? So tough that none of you even came back to see if 
I'd escaped! But I _did_ escape, bwa ha ha, and I got back all my magic itemsand artifacts -- and a 
certain invulnerable coat as a bonus.  AndI bought a few scrolls and, with the help of Prometheus he
re,managed to recast all my permanent spells -- including protectionfrom good."     Ringman wondered
 why he was incapable of moving during thisego trip Peter Perfect was on.  He thought it was some sp
ecialpower, but then dismissed that since he didn't see any magictwinkles.  He thought it may have b
een some obscure rule aboutgetting to make unlimited soliloquies in combat; then heremembered that i
t was just the fact that one exchange of blowsin melee combat took a whole minute.     "And furtherm
ore," Pete continued, "I struck up a deal withTiamat!"     "Tiamat?" Ringman gulped.  "As in the chr
omatic dragon?"     "No, as in the lady across the street!  Of COURSE thechromatic dragon!  Geez, yo
u never were very intelligent, wereyou?  In any case, thanks to Tiamat's seed of evil, your son isno
w precisely what you and your ex-bed-partner wanted him not tobe."     "You struck a bargain with Ti
amat for some 'seed of evil,'and you're still a paladin?!"     "Hey, the ends justify the means, Rin
go.  It was my pleasureto thrust Tiamat's seeds into Sick Sword's womb."     Ringman lay there, dumb
founded.     "Why do you think I did it with that bitch in the firstplace?"     Things couldn't have
 been much worse, Ringman figured.  Hehad to get out of this disadvantaged position, though, before 
hecould think of what to do next.  He put his right thumb and indexfinger in his mouth and whistled 
a string of three notes.     "What are you doing?" Peter Perfect demanded.     "Whistling," Ringman 
told him.     "I KNOW that, but for what?!"  Peter Perfect clutched hismedallion of ESP and aimed it
 at Ringman's cranium. Unfortunately, he rolled a 6; he whacked the medallion indisgust.  "Stupid ne
wfangled piece of junk, can't even count onit to work right!"     Just then, a horse galloped silent
ly into view on a cushionof air.  Peter Perfect recognized it instantly from its +3 platebarding; it
 was Ringman's warhorse.  He stood out in front of it,between the horse and Ringman, and punched the
 horse across itsmeteorite-steel-plated jaw as hard as he could.  The animalrolled with the punch on
to the ground some twenty feet back.     In the mean time, Ringman had recovered his shield.  PeterP
erfect sneered at Ringman for daring to try something so dirtyand underhanded while claiming to be a
 paladin.  "Savor death,insignificant flesh slug!"  He hacked down with his Axe of theDwarvish Lords
, this time slashing Ringman's right shouldercleanly enough to sever his right arm.     Ringman scre
amed with pain, now shocked out of his stunnedcondition.  The arm socket gushed blood, but it would 
stop beforehe ran out.  He let go of the top strap of his shield and grabbedhis severed arm -- which
 still held his holy sword -- with hisremaining hand.  The shield flopped uselessly from his elbow a
she scrambled for his horse.     "Hah!" Peter Perfect called after Ringman, shaking hisDwarvish Hand
 Axe in his left hand and inadvertently switching itto Battle-Axe length.  "Let's see you fight with
out your writingarm!"     Ringman made it to his horse and tried to mount up.  He hadto hold the arm
 between his chin and his chest to get on.     "You're a wimp, Ringman!  A one-armed wimp!"     Stow
ing the right arm between his legs, he grabbed thereigns in his left hand and giddyapped out of ther
e.  He wasgrateful for those horseshoe-of-the-zephyr shock absorbers; anyjostles could have sent him
 tumbling.     "Ringman has no writing arm!  Ringman has no writing arm! And he's got a chaotic-evil
 Disgusting Character for a son!"Peter chided him.     'First stop, Clerasil's place,' Ringman thoug
ht as his horseaccelerated.  'He'll probably be able to reconnect my writingarm.  Well, Peter Perfec
t, at least it _is_ a writing arm now. What self-improvements have _you_ made during lo these pastye
ars?'                                #     Knock knock knock.     "Who is it?"     "It's Ringman."  
   A bit surprised, Clerasil got up from his desk and went tothe tremendous gothic double doors.  Th
e man on the other side ofit had +5 plate mail, a beard, and a severed right arm.     "My right arm'
s been cut off," Ringman said, just in caseClerasil hadn't noticed.     "My word," Clerasil inspecte
d the limb, "That does lookrather nasty.  Er, come in, come in."     Ringman came in.     "Tell me, 
who did this to you?"     Ringman stared at the ground.  "Peter Perfect."     Clerasil gasped.  "The
 Disgusting paladin?  He's escaped? But how?"     "He didn't _say_ how, only that he's been out for 
nine yearsor so."     Clerasil seemed to be in a mild state of shock.  "Well . . .uh . . . it's true
 that we stopped visiting him after a while;er, we got tired of ragging on him.  But escaped?  I don
'tunders-- wait a minute.  That's right.  We stored all their magicweapons in a vault two levels bel
ow The Dungeon.  He could havemade telepathic contact with his holy sword and had it hack itsway up 
to him."     "So, in other words, you didn't even bother to eliminate hispsionic powers."     "Oh, y
es we did; we were very careful about that.  It justso happens that his _sword_ has its own powers o
f telepathy thatwe couldn't touch."     Ringman put a hand to his chin.  "Oh yeah.  That's right,Pro
metheus _was_ telepathic.  I guess Prome just didn't want to betelepathic with _me_."     Clerasil c
hanged the subject.  "Let's reconnect that arm ofyours, shall we?"     Ringman had practically forgo
tten about it.  "Oh, uh, sure,sure."     Clerasil exposed the severed flesh on the end of the arm an
dpressed it up next to the stump on Ringman's shoulder.  Ringmanhad thoughtfully tied a tourniquet o
ver the open end of hisstump.  "You know, you're lucky you're a paladin here.  Yourdisease resistanc
e let you get away with this without gettinggangrene."     Ringman folded his arm.  "And then you'd 
have to cast a curedisease spell on me, right?"     Clerasil didn't reply, he merely opened the tour
niquet andlet little bits of blood leak through to the severed limb.  Hesprinkled holy water on it a
nd began to chant: "Ooom, shalagoom,shak shak.  Qui tolis veal pecata mundi, et in unum domino'spizz
a, e pluribus uranium, semper ubi sub ubi.  BY THE POWER OFGOD III, I COMMAND THIS LIMB -- REGENERAT
ED!"     The mighty hand of God III stretched its fingers throughClerasil's body and touched Ringman
's shoulder with its awesomepinky.  He could start to feel sensations in his arm almostimmediately, 
and within a minute, the limb was whole again.  Hemoved the joint and flexed the arm a bit.     "Uh,
 thanks," Ringman said.     "And since you're a paladin and have had to give away allyour excess wea
lth," Clerasil said, "I'm gonna let you keep thatregenerated limb for the low low price of only 15 0
00 goldpieces."     Ringman scowled at him.  "That's the _usual_ price; andbesides, I gave all but a
 little under 300 gold pieces away tosome amorphous lawful-good institution long ago."     "Hmmm.  W
ell, considering how crucial a role you played invanquishing Omnion 'way back when, I'll let you hav
e it on thehouse.  Now good day."     Clerasil indicated the front door of his church and turnedback
 to his desk.     "Um," Ringman umed.     "Yes, yes what is it now?"  Clerasil kept his back turned 
tohim.     Ringman exhaled.  "Peter Perfect's out, and I'm no match forhim."     "And I suppose you 
want me to just go charging out there andbring him back to justice, right?  Sorry, no sale."     "He
's already done plenty of damage."     "Yeah, I saw your arm.  Now go away."     "That's not all.  H
e made a pact with Tiamat."     Clerasil dropped his writing utensils and froze.  "Tiamat? The chrom
atic dragon?"     Ringman chuckled, recalling his own reaction.  "Yes, Tiamat,the chromatic dragon, 
the hellbound spawn of all evil dragonkind. Apparently he and Tiamat . . . um . . . 'implanted' some
 seed ofevil in my third child before he was born, and now he's achaotic-evil genociding machine at 
least twice as powerful as hismother.  Or at least he has the potential to be one."     "Now I _know
_ I'm out of my league.  Sick Sword herself couldhave creamed me if she'd been so inclined; any kid 
more powerfulthan her could stomp me into a little grease spot before I had achance to cast a spell.
  Sorry.  Uh, you _could_ try asking WierdDough, though."                                #     Knock
 knock knock.     "Come in."     Ringman opened the door and stepped into just about thebiggest magi
cal pyrotechnics display he'd seen.  Sparks showeredoff the walls in all directions.  Jugglers juggl
ed without usingtheir hands.  People whose faces were glued to instructionmanuals cast burning hands
 spells without looking where they werepointing.  Several graduate-level pranksters, doubtlessly fro
mone of the half-elven fraternities, were casting fireball andcone of cone spells at the same time, 
annihilating each others'effects mere milliseconds before disaster would have struck.  Andthis was j
ust Wierd Dough's magic college's anteroom.     "Ah, whom may I say is calling?" asked a third-level
apprentice who was seemingly unaware of the din going on aroundhim.     "Ringman."     "Ringman.  Le
ssee, Ringman, Ringman, Ringman -- that Ringmanwith an 'R'?"     "Uh, yes.  R-I-N-G-M-A-N.  One word
."     "Ring, Ringfield, Ringling, Ringworm -- nope, sorry, noRingman on my appointment list here." 
    "Look, this is important, I have to see Wierd Dough.  It's amatter of life and death."     The c
onjurer apprentice stared at him coldly.  "Thechancellor sees no one without an appointment."     Ri
ngman opened his mouth to speak, but a stray lightningbolt startled him and he had to begin again.  
"Just tell WierdDough that Ringman is here to see him.  He'll know who I am."     The apprentice sho
ok his head.  "What level are you,anyway?"     "Ninth."     "Oh, and I suppose you think you can pus
h everybody aroundjust because you're a sorcerer?  Well, listen here, bud--"     "I'm not a sorcerer
," Ringman folded his arms impatiently,"I'm a paladin."     The apprentice mouthed the word 'paladin
,' and thenevidently something snapped and it All Made Sense.  "Ringman     . . . the paladin.  RING
MAN THE PALADIN?!"     The spell casting going on through the room stopped in mid-syllable.  Everybo
dy dropped what they were doing and looked. "_RINGMAN THE PALADIN_?!"     The apprentice gawked, "Th
e same Ringman the paladin whodefeated Omnion in the final battle of the I.U.D.C. at Crysglasslake?"
     "Yes, the same Ringman the paladin.  Boy, for a characterclass whose prime requisite is suppose
d to be intelligence, youcan sure be --"     "_Welcome_ to Wierd Dough's college of magic, Ringman! 
 Won'tyou have a seat, make yourself comfortable, can I get you a glassof --"     "No, no, no."  He 
was still impatient.  "I have to see WierdDough.  It's a matter of life and death."     "Whose?  You
rs or his?"     "Everybody's."     Now just a tad more nervous, the apprentice ducked behind acurtai
n and shouted to the next rung in the chain of command. Ringman could just barely hear the "Ringman 
wants to see WierdDough," and the "Not _the_ Ringman!" issuing from beyond.     Twenty-four seconds 
later, everything spun around andsuddenly he was elsewhere.  He was in a very dimly lit elsewhere,as
 a matter of fact.  In the center of this dimly lit elsewherewas a robed figure who illuminated his 
bearded face by holding ahandful of magic flame up to it.  "Welcome," the firelit facesaid in a haun
ting tone, "What can I do for you?"     "Can the theatrics, Wierd Dough.  This is serious."     "Oh,
 all right," the figure acquiesced, and switched on thelight spells by snapping his fingers.  "You s
ure know how tospoil other people's fun!"     "Peter Perfect escaped from The Dungeon nine years ago
."     Wierd Dough rubbed his chin in thought.  "Hmmph.  I wouldn'tput it beyond him.  He probably m
ade telepathic contact withPrometheus and had the sword hack its way up through two levels,then grab
bed on to it and worked his way down to the magic itemschamber, took his own stuff and the Invulnera
ble Coat of Arnd asa souvenir, rode his warhorse out of the complex, and soughtrevenge against the l
ot of us.  Pity we stopped going there tomake funny faces at him, or we would've found out."     "Yo
u _knew about how he made his escape all the time?!"Ringman stammered.     "You mean my guess was _r
ight_?"     "Yes!  Your guess was _exactly_ right!  Why didn't you thinkof it before?!"     Wierd Do
ugh shrugged.  "I just never wondered about itbefore.  Anyway, he couldn't have done much or we woul
d've heardabout it."     "He _has_ done quite a bit, but it's the type of stuff you_don't_ hear abou
t until it's too late.  He got some 'seed ofevil' from Tiamat and implanted it in Sick Sword's womb 
while shewas pregnant with my third child, Gross Sword."     Wierd Dough grinned.  "The old sexual-i
mplantation-of-the-deity-spawned-seed-of-alignment-determination-in-a-womb-that-has-an-unborn-child-
in-it bit, eh?  I tried that once myself. Nothing much happened, though."     "Yeah, well something 
happened _this_ time.  Gross Sword issupposedly a couple times more powerful than Sick Sword herself
;he could probably bring Central Earth to its knees."     Wierd Dough nodded solemnly.  "And you wan
t me to help youget rid of him, is that it?  No, it's not.  You want me to helpyou vanquish Peter Pe
rfect and _then_ do something about GrossSword.  Sorry, kiddo, but I know about how poor you paladin
s tendto be.  No sale."     "You want me to _pay_ you for ridding the world of thosemenaces?"     "S
ure.  Running a college of magic is expensive stuff."     "You could rob centaurs if you wanted mone
y."     Weird Dough looked up at the ceiling, whose distance wasdistorted so that it appeared 5 feet
 above the floor.  "True, butthen I wouldn't be able to complain about how low we are on fundsover h
ere.  How would it look to all the other colleges if minedidn't desperately need more money?"     "D
on't you feel the least bit indebted to me for havinggotten rid of Omnion?"     "Indebted for how mu
ch you participated in that campaign? Sure I am!  I'll cast a polymorph others spell on you at no co
st,if you want it!  But going back into action again is anothermatter entirely.  You're better off t
rying Middle Monk; at leasthis profession involves constant fighting."                              
  #     The instant Ringman stepped on the welcome mat in front ofthe monastery, a fifteen-foot-diam
eter gong sounded on its ownand Chinese movie music issued from enchanted loudspeakers.  Oneof the l
esser disciples approached the front gate and bowed,greeting the man in the +5 plate mail.  "Gleetin
gs, mosthonolable Lingman the paradin, wercome to our humbre monastely. How may we assist you?"     
"I need to see Middle Monk," he told him.  "It's --"     "--A matter of Rife and Death.  It always i
s.  I wouldn'tberieve you if you welen't who you are.  Forrow me."     Never unclasping his hands, t
he disciple led Ringman inthrough a complicated maze of hanging gardens, beneath a row ofpaper lante
rns, past some statues with unpronounceablemonosyllabic names, and past a paper sliding door into th
e MainTraining Room.  Ringman was a little worried about the securityof this place until he noticed 
that the paper walls were made ofadamantite-woven paper.  Three rows of monks, each wearing awhite b
athrobe and a different colored sash, were going through atraining exercise.     "Ichi!" the one up 
in front shouted.  They all steppedforward and thrust their right fists into imaginary opponents. "N
i!" he shouted again, and they did the same with their leftfists.  "San!" came the shout and the pun
ch again.  "Chi!" issuedthe cry and its consequent a fourth time.  "GO!"  This time, thethree rows y
elled as they stepped forward and punched.     Middle Monk, the one at the front of the group wearin
g ablack belt with several victory notches carved in it, caughtRingman out of the corner of his eye.
  Realizing who it was, hedismissed his students with an impulsive "Yasumeh!" and walkedlike a slob 
up to the man in armor.     "Ringman, ol' buddy!"  Middle Monk slapped him on the backwith his full 
titan strength.  Being a monk, his strength did noextra damage, but it sure toppled the paladin.  "L
ong time nosee!  Whatcha been up to?  Can I get you a Coke or a Pepsi?"     "Uh, Coke?  Pepsi?  Um, 
are those some oriental --"     "Uh, no, no, never mind.  So," he began to walk alongsideRingman, "W
hat brings ya to these parts?  Wanna be a monk and beeasier to hit than a first-level illusionist?  
Or do ya just needa new magic bo stick?"     "No, it's a bit more serious than that.  Peter Perfecte
scaped."     "No!  Really?  Wow, that's intense.  He wanted to gosurfing, right?"     "He escaped ni
ne years ago."     Middle Monk stopped bantering for a few seconds, which wasabout the longest time 
he could be relied upon to be banter-proof.  Then: "Well, that cat probably would've gotten out some
time anyway.  Not much trouble he can cause."     "Oh no?  He made a bargain with Tiamat so that my 
son, GrossSword, is just as chaotic and evil as my two daughters are lawfuland good.  And my blacksh
eep son is more powerful than anythingthat's come before.  He could take on the entire I.U.D.C. and 
winif they were still around."     "Including Omnion?"     "Including Omnion."     "Oh."  Middle Mon
k grimaced a bit.  "Wow.  Gee.  Awesome. Tubular.  Cosmic.  Like, what's he done so far?"     "Nothi
ng that I'm aware of, but at any moment he coulddecide to kill Bahamut or something."     "I thought
 Weird Dough killed Bahamut for the experiencepoints," Middle said, then recalled:  "Oh, yeah, that'
s right. That was only a Bahamut android, programmed to act like him inevery detail."     "Both that
 damned Peter Perfect and my multiple-deity-powered son are running around loose, and there's no way
 I candeal with them on my own."     "Mmmm, so you want me to help.  I catch your drift.  Um, Idon't
 think that's such a hot idea, what with my armor classbeing higher than negative 17 and all.  I mea
n, one hit and thatkid of yours could do . . . uh . . . how much damage did you sayhe could do in on
e blow?"     "I didn't say, but from what I've heard, over three hundredpoints.  Times five if he hi
ts you from the rear."     "YEEESH!  I only have 104 hit points myself!  Um, take careof yourself, m
an, but I've got my temple to attend to.  Why don'tyou try Wierd Dough?"     "Already tried him."   
  "Hmmm.  Then Cleras-- no, that cleric wouldn't get involvedfor all the holy water in the Specific 
Ocean."     "Yes, I know," Ringman added coldly.     "Then your best bet is Koenieg the Great Druid.
  He lives inthe Great Big Forest surrounded by some large menhirs -- er,standing stones -- that are
 supposed to predict eclipses andthings."                                #     Ringman could have sw
orn he'd gotten the address right.  Hewas in the Great Big Forest, 5 leagues north of the Really Hug
eFalls, twelve furlongs east of the Vastly Hugely Mind-bogglinglyWide River, standing right in front
 of the Ring of Large Menhirs. He should have seen _some_ druidic activity by now.     It was then t
hat the bottom fell out of the universe beneathhim.  Screaming, he fell in a direction that was the 
fifth-dimensional equivalent of down, and landed five feet away fromthe center of the Ring of Large 
Menhirs.  From this angle, hecould easily see the nine initiates of the 9th Circle mullingabout and 
Koenieg the Great Druid seated in lotus position at thecenter.     "Oh, I get it," Ringman commented
, "I can only see you from_inside_ the menhir ring."     "Naw," one of the 11th-level initiates told
 him, "That ringof stones out there in the Great Big Forest is just a decoy.  Thering you're in now 
is in a parallel universe.  It keeps thesalesmen out."     A wave of mistletoe from the center caugh
t Ringman'sattention.  Koenieg addressed him: "Welcome, Ringman, to the Treeof the Universe."     Ri
ngman didn't see any trees around, but he had morepressing matters to worry about.  "I'm here to --"
     "Enlist my help in vanquishing the escaped Peter Perfect andyour blacksheep son.  Yes, I know; 
Middle Monk sent me aTelepagram.  I believe his words were 'Watch out for this one. He's a loo-loo.'
"     Ringman exhaled.  "Well, that was _his_ answer.  What'syours?"     Koenieg went off into alpha
 state for a few milliseconds,then came back with: "No."     "Why not?" Ringman asked, even though h
e knew it was futileto try and talk a 14th-level druid out of anything.     "The tree of the univers
e spreads like a golden path uponthe well-spring of Life.  He who can pick its fruits and not becast
 down the dark pit will know ultimate wisdom.  If Buddhatripped and fell while nobody else was aroun
d, would he make asound?  He who always finds fault in his friends has faultyfriends.  A penny saved
 is a penny earned.  A bird in the hand isworth two in the bush.  A stitch in time saves --"     "Ok
ay, OKAY, I get the message!  Sheish!"  He looked outthrough the menhirs and saw only swirling darkn
ess.  "Uh, can Iget back to the Prime Material plane now?"     "Certainly.  Just click your heels to
gether three times andsay, 'There's no place like home, there's no place like home'."     Burying hi
s face in his hands, Ringman grudgingly tapped theheels of his high hard boots together and meekly c
hanted,"There's no place like home, there's no place like home."     And while Ringman had his eyes 
closed, Koenieg cast someobscure plane transport spell on him so that he would think he'dgone back t
o Central Earth under his own power.     Of course, Ringman wasn't _that_ stupid, but he was glad to
be back on Central Earth again.  Well, sort-of glad.  Oh, allright, he could barely stomach the thou
ght of living on the sameplanet with Peter Perfect and his killing machine son.  And hehadn't even s
een his killing machine son yet.     "Yep," Ringman told his warhorse as he mounted up to rideoff, "
There's no place like home."                                #     Clerasil had refused to help.  Wie
rd Dough had refused tohelp.  Middle Monk had refused to help.  Even Koenieg the GreatDruid had decl
ined his services.  The only anti-disgustingcharacter left was Melnic the Loud, and that bard would 
almostcertainly not get involved.     The instant he stepped on the welcome mat in front ofMelnic's 
Ollamh college, he realized it was a telepad.  That wasbecause everything around him had suddenly co
ngealed anddeposited him in the middle of the college's courtyard.  He foundhimself surrounded by ra
ucous, noisy, semi-drunk Ollamh bards,some pure human and some half-elven, who upon his arrival bega
nstrumming away at their lutes (a few had genuine Anstruth orOllamh harps) and singing:     "Welcome
, Ringman, to our fancy-pants abode!      Ringman, the paladin, whose tale is still told      Of how
 he vanquished Omnion to the realm of burning cold;      Ringman, Ringman, aren't you getting too ol
d?"     "Uh, hi, guys," Ringman said wanly.     "YAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY!!!"     Melnic the Loud emerged 
from the middle of the crowd,strummed his Ollamh Banjo, shifted his Recorder of Ye'Cind intooverdriv
e, and sang a fast little ditty that sounded very muchlike Haydn's g minor symphony (except that Hay
dn hadn't beeninvented yet):     "From days of long ago a legend down to us has come,      Or maybe 
it was Wierd Dough's mind that this message comes          from;      'Tis said that Peter Perfect h
ad escaped his cell of late,      And went to Hell to make a pact with Tiamat the great.      And fr
om his loins an evil seed in Sick Sword he did spray      To make an evil child nine years ago this 
very day;      And now he's tough, so all we'll say      Is singing, singing, singing, singing, ye-e
-e-e-e-es,          . . . we are!"     And all the other bards joined in and repeated the refrain:"A
nd now he's tough, so all we'll say / Is singing, singing,singing, singing, ye-e-e-e-e-es, . . . we 
are!"  STRUM. Stru-dummmmmm.     Ringman rolled his eyes up into his head.  That last linedidn't eve
n fit in the context of the song.     "We know that last line doesn't fit within the context ofthe s
ong," Melnic the Loud admitted in recitative, "But it's. . . a tradition."     "Well, for one thing,
 HE didn't make that child, I did. Gross Sword is my son just as much as he is Sick Sword's.  PeterP
erfect only . . . 'sprayed' . . . a little Tiamatish evilnessonto him a bit later."     "OoooOOOOOOo
oooohhhhhhh," everybody sang.     "So you probably already know that I need to enlist somehelp.  I c
an't stop Peter Perfect and Gross Sword on my own. Melnic the Loud, will you --"     "Well, er, I, u
m, that is, uh . . . I've got this college torun, see?"     Ringman folded his arms and shook his he
ad.  "So did WierdDough."     "Good.  Then you'll understand."     "I know why you're declining," Ri
ngman said, "But I don'tthink I'll ever understand."     Ringman turned his back to Melnic and start
ed to walk away,then noticed all the 20th+ level Ollamh bards around him.  "Anyof you bards want to 
help me?"     "Grumble grumble grumble grumble," they grumbled, suddenlybecoming concerned about the
ir studies.     Ringman walked slowly toward the telepad marked "MAIN EXIT"at one side of the courty
ard.  This had been his last shot. There was no one else he could turn to.     'Oh well,' he tried t
o console himself, 'I've had to go iton my own before.'                                #     Gross S
word scratched a few dark magic symbols into theground around Sick Sword's keep's clearing.  He coul
dn't standhis sickening mother or his two goody-goody sisters.  He hadtried to wish them away once b
efore, but they'd all made theirsaving throws and a wish spell probably would have sent _him_ awayin
stead anyway.  Luckily they hadn't found out about that, sothey didn't vent any retribution upon him
.     He spied a squirrel scurrying up a nearby tree.  He hatedsquirrels.  They were so cute and cud
dly he wanted to throw up. He took out his Gross Hand Axe, whirled it around as though itwere a 5-to
n war hammer, and let fly at the critter.  Thesquirrel was instantly felled, frozen, burnt, wounded,
dismembered, poisoned, level-drained, hacked to bits, and finallystunned by the axe's clap of thunde
r.  Sick Sword woulddoubtlessly hear the noise, just like she always did, that bitch.     "Gross Swo
rd!" called his mother's voice from within thekeep.  "Are you killing squirrels again?!"     "Yes, m
other," he replied.     "How many times have I told you not to do that?!"     "Fifty-seven, counting
 now," he called back.  God IV, how hehated Sick Sword.     "Well, don't do it again!  How do you ev
er expect to make iton Central Earth if you just go around killing thingsindiscriminantly?!"     Gro
ss Sword shook with rage.  "All right, mother, THAT'SIT!!"  He opened up one of his portable holes a
nd took out atubeful of disappearing dust.  He spread the dust over his entirebody in the blink of a
n eye, and was gone from sight.  "YOU'REDEAD MOTHER!  DO YOU HEAR ME?!  _YOU'RE DEAD_!!!"     "YOURE
DEADyouredeadyouredead . . ." echoed his cry fromevery distant mountain.  Disgusting Sword and Ridic
ulous Swordlooked up in alarm.  "That's it," Ridiculous Sword commented,"He's making his move.  Come
 on, we'd better stop him."     Their helms of teleportation glowed purple for a moment, andthey eme
rged at their mother's keep two leagues away.     The town heard the thunderous cry as well.  Ringma
n, fromthe top precipice of his house (which was actually a smallcastle), heard the thunder's words 
and knew who the voice had tobelong to.  These were the first words he'd ever heard his sonsay, and 
they frightened him down to his kidneys.  After allshe'd done to him, he still loved Sick Sword deep
ly, and now hisTiamat-infected son was about to kill her and there wasn't adamned thing he could do 
about it.     Except dash for his warhorse and ride like lightning to SickSword's keep, that is.    
 Sick Sword zipped over to her portal spell -- er, window --and saw the dust-of-disappearance-covere
d killer urchin troddingthrough the front drawbridge of the keep at a rather alarming 40feet per sec
ond.  The old cover-yourself-with-dust-of-disappearance-and-cast-a-light-spell-directly-on-Sick-Swor
d's-robe-of-eyes-to-blind-it-for-one-to-three-minutes-so-that-even-her-permanent-detect-invisibility
-spell-can't-see-you-and-you-can-sneak-up-on-her-from-behind-and-backstab-her-for-quintuple-damage t
rick; Omnion had tried that on her twice before, and hadsucceeded the first time and nearly succeede
d the second.  SickSword knew what to do; all she had to do was spray him with dustof appearance whe
n he first showed up.  Now, where had she puther dust tubes?     The Sword sisters arrived just in t
ime to see their evilbrother dart into the keep covered in dust of disappearance. They both knew thi
s maneuver well; it was the only known way ofhandling a really disgusting character.  Without even h
aving touse ESP on each other, they rushed in after him.     Ringman rode hard and fast.  Very fast.
  He'd equipped hiswarhorse with horseshoes of speed and secured them in place withan outer layer of
 horseshoes of the zephyr.  His horse could moveat double speed without tiring; and for some reason,
 right now itwas going two feet per second faster than that.  That would gethim there in time, he as
sured himself.  Of course it would.     With a flick of his middle finger, Gross Sword knocked downt
he solid adamantite door to Sick Sword's room.  His mother wasready for him; she uncapped her tube o
f appearing dust and blewat her son through the other end.     That would have worked perfectly, had
 not Gross Sword alsobeen prepared.  For the last fifteen seconds, he'd been chanting,gesticulating,
 and fiddling with a legume seed behind that lockeddoor; and now, having carefully integrated the fl
icking-down-the-door maneuver into his somatic components, he released his spell,blowing the spoilsp
ort dust right back to its owner with a stronggust of wind.  And since his artifact bracer allowed h
im to castsimultaneous spells, he followed that gust of wind up with alight spell thrown directly on
 Sick Sword's robe of eyes.     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword had a clear line ofsight from 
the splintered drawbridge through the knocked-downadamantite bedroom door to their blinded mother an
d her unseenadversary.  He'd succeeded; she didn't manage to coat him withdust of appearance in time
.  "Get out of there, mom!" DisgustingSword and Ridiculous Sword shouted as they charged across thef
oyer.  "Teleport!"     Ringman could see the edge of the clearing through treesblurred by speed.  Wi
thin that clearing lay the unmistakablesilhouette of her keep.  This was not the same clearing they'
dlived in together -- it was instead where the keep had firstmaterialized -- but it may as well have
 been.  There werehundreds of bushes, trees, and leaf piles that could hide SickSword and Gross Swor
d, if they weren't inside the keep.  Onlybecause that terrifying "YOU'RE DEAD!" sounded like it had 
comefrom this particular spot did he ride here at all.  He changedcourse ever-so-slightly and headed
 for the keep; he could onlyhope that they were in fact in there.     'My own son,' Sick Sword thoug
ht.  'How could I have misledmyself this far?'     She didn't teleport.  She didn't look from side t
o side inpanic.  She didn't try to find another container of dust ofappearance.  She didn't even pic
k up her Sick Sword from the farwall.  She just stood there and regretted her fate.     'The bitch a
lways was a pushover,' Gross Sword thought, andrammed his Gross Dagger through her heart from behind
.     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword both saw the phantomform impale their mother.  They both
 cringed in horror as sheconvulsed and fell over dead.  Disgusting Sword involuntarilydropped her Di
sgusting Longsword, which clanked noisily againstthe stone floor.  As Gross Sword shook off the disa
ppearingfaerie dust, he trumpeted an evil, victorious chortle that sentshivers though both the still
-approaching Ringman and his horse.     He was still chortling when he left the prime material plane
six seconds later.     "My God II," Disgusting Sword cried as she knelt beside herdead mother.  "He 
wasn't supposed to _get_ this far!"  Her fistsclenched as her throat tightened up and wavered.  "We 
weresupposed to stop him first!!"     Ridiculous Sword nervously looked at Disgusting Sword, thenat 
Sick Sword's body, then at Gross Sword's footprints in pile ofinvisible dust he'd just shaken off, t
hen back at Sick Sword'sbody, then back at Gross Sword's footprints.  "I'm going afterhim," she reso
lved.     "But how will you know where he is?!" Disgusting Sworddemanded.     "There's only one plac
e he could have gone," RidiculousSword replied.  "What's the matter, have you forgotten StandardEvil
 Operating Procedure number twenty-six?  After an evil personkills someone who's lawful-good, he or 
she goes to Heaven topermanently destroy the soul!"     Disgusting Sword just stared back at her and
 continuedbreathing hard.     "Well, don't just stand there, start a raise dead spell onher!"     "O
h," she blurted.  "Oh yeah."  She took out a white-with-blue-striped generic holy symbol and began c
hanting andgesticulating.     "I only hope I can reach him in time," Ridiculous Swordmumbled, flicke
d the switch or her amulet of the planes, and wentto Heaven.     Ringman double-parked his horse by 
the keep's entrance,jumped off, and rushed in through the door.  Without his bulkyadamantite-alloyed
 plate mail to hinder him, he could run a whole1% faster.  He saw Disgusting Sword kneeling over Sic
k Sword'sbody chanting a now-all-too-familiar raise dead spell, gasped,and continued to rush forward
.  He had been right; damn it, that_had_ been Gross Sword's deadly chortle.  His old love was dead. 
    He knelt beside Sick Sword opposite Disgusting Sword anddrew his holy avenger.  Solemnly lining 
up the point with one ofthe spaces between the floor stones, he forced the blade threeinches down in
to the floor.  The upside-down sword now resembleda cross, the ancient symbol for death.  He clasped
 the grip ofthe longsword and reclined his forehead against his hands,closing his eyes.  Silently, h
e prayed to his deity for SickSword's survival.                                #     "Pardon me," Ri
diculous Sword asked an angel-initiatepasser-by.  "Did you happen to see a --"     She noticed a dou
ble-file path of dead angels littering theyellow brick road that lead through the pearly gates.     
"Oh.  Never mind."     She got a running start and then kicked in her artifacts. With all the times 
she'd taken major benign power "O: doublemovement speed on foot," she'd multiplied her running speed
 by 2,4, 8, 16, 32, all the way up to 64.  She could now run 12 288yards in six seconds flat.     Ti
ptoeing over the dead angels at a mere 6144 yards-per-six-seconds, she reached the pearly gates.  Sh
e addressed the tollbooth.  "Saint Peter, you've got to let me in!  There's a --"     And then she n
oticed that the trail of angel-initiatesweren't the only casualties around here.  Saint Peter had be
enkilled over a decade ago by Omnion, and now even his replacement,Saint Paul, lay in a desiccated h
eap.     'Guess I don't need his permission to enter, then,'Ridiculous Sword thought, and charged in
 after Gross Sword.     Sick Sword felt a sickening lump of deja vu form in herstomach.  Here she wa
s, perched on the boarding steps of a TransHeavenly Airlines concorde SST, unarmed and about to getC
uisinArted by a ruthless, evil foe.  She didn't much like beingin this position when Omnion was bear
ing down on her, and shecertainly didn't like the idea of getting eternally wiped out byher own son.
  She had seen this coming and had finished a contactother plane spell several seconds ago, in case 
the worst were tohappen, and that didn't reassure her one bit.  So she did theonly thing she could: 
she started psionically telekinesing GrossSword and hoped that she'd be raised from the dead in time
.     Gross Sword held up Card Number 8 from The VillainsCollection of Commonly Used Sayings.  It re
ad: "Hah, you punymortal fool!  Your powers of telekinesis are no match for mypermanent potion of fl
ying at twice normal strength!"     Sick Sword raised her eyebrows momentarily at the idea thatsuch 
a card could actually be a _commonly_ used saying, andcontinued concentrating.  Card Number 8 was ri
ght; during thefirst minute of concentration, her teke could only reduce hisflight speed by four per
cent.  She couldn't teleport, either;teleportation involved using the astral plane for quick transit
. Since she was dead, she was bound to the plane of Heaven and tothat plane only; she couldn't leave
 Heaven for another hundredyears.     Ridiculous Sword wished she _had_ asked somebody fordirections
 now, even if it was only some cherubim-in-training. She was lost.  Every yellow brick road looked t
he same.  Therewasn't so much as a map pointing out "You are here," or a signsaying "New angel recru
its -->".  Saint Peter or Saint Paul surecould have told her where Sick Sword had gone, yessireebob,
 butfor all her Disgusting powers there was no way she could locateSick Sword's spirit while it stil
l had that %$!@#* mind blankspell up!  Why couldn't Sick Sword have relied on her amulet oflife prot
ection just for today?!     Gross Sword drifted closer by the millisecond.  Sick Swordwas doomed, an
d she knew it.  Well, she might not be able toleave Heaven, but she could bloody well still transmit
 herthoughts through the contact-other-plane link she'd opened lessthan a minute before.  If she was
 going to be annihilated, shehad to round out one last thing first. . . .     "Ringman!" Sick Sword'
s voice echoed in Ringman's mind.     "What?" he sat upright.  "Sick Sword?!"     He glanced at Disg
usting Sword.  His outburst had notdisturbed her prayer.     Ringman could feel her presence almost 
as much as if shewere still alive.  He could feel the quavering fear, theencroaching doom in her tel
epathic voice.  He could almost seehis own son bearing down on her with his adamantite dagger andbro
adsword.     "Ringman, you were right," the voice said.  "You were soright, there _is_ no need for D
isgusting Characters on CentralEarth anymore!  I should never have turned our children intokilling m
achines!"     "Sick Sword," he clutched his face as he said it, "No, no! Don't let this be the end! 
 I still love you with all my heart!"     "My love," she replied, and her voice sounded more finalth
an ever, "Ringman, I'm sorry. . . . I'm so, so sorry."     A choking sensation cut across the telepa
thic ether, and hertransmission ended.  Ringman neither spake nor moved.     "NO!" Ridiculous Sword 
shouted to Gross Sword when she atlast reached the scene, but too late.  Before she could get anyof 
her spells off, before even the quickest of her psionicdisciplines kicked in -- before there was any
 way she could beathim to the punch -- Gross Sword impaled his mother's ghost on hisGross Dagger and
 channeled enough damage into it from his OtherBracer of Irresistible Damage to vaporize her.  Her p
hantasmalform twinkled for an instant, and then dispersed itself back intothe cosmic ocean from when
ce it came.     Disgusting Sword finished her prayer, pointed her rightindex finger at Sick Sword's 
corpse's neck, and let her armrecoil slightly.  The standard raise dead spark flashed on herfingerti
p, but it wasn't echoed by the body at all.     Disgusting Sword's mouth dropped open in disbelief. 
 Ringmanhad already known for the last several seconds that it wouldn'twork anyway.  It was all over
.     Gross Sword smiled chaotic-evilly at Ridiculous Sword,guffawed a hideous laugh, and left the p
lane of Heaven. Ridiculous Sword couldn't find him now unless he wanted to befound.     Ringman buri
ed his face in his hands and started to shake. His fingertips grappled with his temples.  Then, not 
caring ifDisgusting Sword or Ridiculous Sword or the whole town heard him,he tore his hands away and
 screamed as loudly as he could.     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!"     "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aaaaaaaaaaaaah!" wailed the first echo.     "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah," cried the second.     "Aaaaaaaa
ah . . ." whispered the third.     The silence that followed was thunderous.  It took Ringman along 
while to break down and sob.     'The poor man,' Disgusting Sword thought.  'It must reallybe hard o
n him.'                            PART TWO     "Portable hole," Disgusting Sword read off the inven
torysheet.     "Check," Ridiculous Sword replied, taking the folded pieceof black hyperdimensional c
loth from Sick Sword's bureau andstowing it in a trunk.     "Second portable hole."     "Check."  Ri
diculous Sword did the same to this facsimile.     "Fifty containers of dust of disappearance."     
"Tentwentythirtyfortyfifty -- check."     "Ring of earth elemental command."     Ridiculous Sword pu
lled the ring from Sick Sword's fingerand threw it into the trunk.  "Check.  Ringman, you sure youdo
n't want any of this stuff?"     "Huh, what?" Ringman awoke from his stupor.  "Oh, no, no,I've got m
y limit as a paladin.  Can't have more than four non-armor non-shield non-weapon magic items, you kn
ow."     Disgusting Sword shrugged.  "We've never gone by thatstipulation."     "You also got this w
ay via robbing centaurs," Ringman noted. "Sorry, that lifestyle's not for me."     "Suit yourself.  
Ring of water elemental command."     "Check."  The ring made a "ting" as it landed in the trunk.   
  "Plus six dagger of wounding."     "Check."     "Plus six bastard sword of wounding."     "Check."
     "Mace of Cuthbert."     "Check.  Hey, you think one of us ought to use that?"     Disgusting Sw
ord pondered the idea.  They _were_ both lawful-good clerics with strengths of 18 or more, after all
.  "Well,we'll see.  Maybe later.  Hammer of thunderbolts."     "Check."     "Arrow of slaying lawfu
l-evil half-elven fighter/magic-user/thieves."     "Check."     "Plus five longbow."     "Check."   
  "Helm of brilliance."     Sick Sword's lifeless head lolled gently up, then down, asRidiculous Swo
rd took its bejewelled helmet off.  Ringmancouldn't bear to look anymore.  "Check."     "Helm of tel
eportation."     She took the helmet underneath the first off her head. "Check."     "Helm of telepa
thy."     She took the third helmet off her head.  "Check."     "Amulet of life protection."     Rid
iculous Sword moved to the bureau and took out a charm-on-a-chain.  Sick Sword hadn't needed the amu
let's limitedpsionic protection when her now-artifact sword had given hertotal immunity to _all_ for
ms of mental or psionic attack.  Anddespite its namesake, Ridiculous Sword reassured herself, theamu
let of life protection wouldn't have done any good againstGross Sword anyway.  "Check."     "Reverse
 eyes of petrification."     Ridiculous Sword covered the spectacles with her hand so asnot to look 
at them.  "Check."     "Sphere of annihilation."     Ridiculous Sword calmly chucked the black ball 
ofnothingness into the trunk.  "Check."     "Wand of negation."     _This_ item she was more careful
 with.  "Check."     And the list went on and on.  Altogether, 10 magic wands, 20magic rings, 150 co
ntainers of magic dust, 3 magic helmets, 3magic pairs of gauntlets, 17 magic ioun stones, 3 magic st
aves,13 non-artifact magic weapons, and 45 other miscellaneous magicitems completed the inventory of
 the late Sick Sword's magic itemarsenal.     "And last but certainly not least," Disgusting Swordfi
nished the list, "The Sick Sword."     "I AM THE SICK SWORD," the Sick Sword bellowed as RidiculousS
word grabbed it.     "Oh, pipe down," Ridiculous Sword silenced it.  "Check."     She was about to t
oss it in the trunk, but she stoppedherself.  "You know, this weapon right here could do a lot ofgoo
d in the right hands.  Ringman, are you _sure_ you --"     Ringman backed away emphatically.  "Even 
if I did have roomfor it on my inventory, which I most definitely do not, youunderstand, I am _not_ 
going to touch that sword again!"     Ridiculous Sword let the sword fall and put her hands on herhi
ps.  "Hey, wait a minute.  You have four magic weapons, right?"     "Yeah, that's right.  My holy sw
ord, my +3 hand axe, my +1bow and +1 and +3 arrows, and my --"     "And you have one suit of magic a
rmor and one magic shield,right?"     "Well, yeah, but I was in too much of a hurry to put them onwh
en I heard Gross Sw--"     "And what other magic items do you have?"     "Well, there's my ring of s
hooting stars," he counted _one_on his fingers, "My +3-in-a-5-foot-radius ring of protection," hecou
nted two, "My +3 periapt of proof against poison," he countedthree, "And my . . . and, my . . . my .
 . . uh . . ."  His voicetrailed off.     "You don't have a fourth magic item, do you?"  RidiculousS
word chuckled.  "Ha!  You'd been hauling around those two magicpotions for so long that you forgot w
hen you used them that theyfreed up _two_ slots on your inventory."     "Oh, I remembered that, all 
right," Ringman defendedhimself, "It's just that I've been --"     "So preoccupied with the rest of 
the things going on in yourlife you forgot about it," Ridiculous Sword finished the sentencefor him.
  "Well, now I'm reminding you.  You _can_ have one moremagic item in your care."  She indicated the
 overflowing trunk. "Well, now's your chance to pick one.  These things might neverget used again ot
herwise."     "No, no, I couldn't, I'm --"     "Afraid of taking anything that once belonged to your
 truelove."     Ringman grimaced.  "Well, yes, because then --"     "You'd feel like a vampire."    
 "WILL you stop doing that?!  Just because you can read mymind doesn't mean I want you to!"     Ridi
culous Sword nodded solemnly.  "Sorry about that.  Iguess all the experience points in Central Earth
 wouldn't teachme respect."     "Anyhow," Disgusting Sword reached into the trunk, "Howabout her old
 helm of brilliance?"     "I already told you, I don't want --"     "Oh, come come now.  It'll prote
ct you like a doublestrength ring of fire resistance, it'll glow pale blue wheneverundead are around
, this pale blue glow'll do 1-6 points of damageto the undead per minute, you can produce flame at w
ill, it'llturn your holy sword into a holy sword of flame, and you can fireup to ten prismatic spray
s, twenty walls of fire, thirtyfireballs, and forty light spells."     Ringman rubbed his fuzzy chin
.  This magic item _did_ seemawfully useful.  "Uh . . . uh, no.  No, I couldn't.  Really."     "Then
 how about this handy-dandy girdle of titan strength?" She held up the harness and added temptingly,
 "Plus 7 to-hit,plus 14 to dam-age!"     Hmmm, he thought.  Compared to the normal +2 to-hit and +5t
o damage that his 18/92 strength allotted him, 25 strength wouldcertainly be an improvement.  He rec
alled how much he'd enjoyedbeing super strong after imbibing that storm giant potion for thefinal ba
ttle against the IUDC, and that only gave him 24strength.  But that was only a power trip, he realiz
ed.  "No.  Nosuper strength for me.  There's enough of that in Central Earth."     Disgusting Sword 
shrugged.  "Suit yourself.  Hey, then howabout a wand of negation?  One zap from this wand can insta
ntlyneutralize any magic item it's pointed at 3/4 of the time.  Or,in the same vein, a rod of cancel
lation might do wonders for you. It can instantly drain an item of all its magic powers just bytouch
ing it."     "They _would_ be useful against Peter Perfect and his ilk. Listen, I'll tell you, one o
f the reasons I'm reluctant to take afourth magic item is that my warhorse already has horseshoes of
the zephyr and horseshoes of speed.  I'd feel a little guilty if--"     "And you'd feel a little _st
upid_ if having that one extramagic item could have saved your skin the next time you clashwith Pete
r Perfect," Ridiculous Sword butted in.  "Besides,didn't you used to have a carpet of flying?"     "
That was a _very_ long time ago.  I got rid of that yearsbefore I even met Sick Sword.  And I have a
 fast warhorseanyway."     "Hey," Disgusting Sword resumed, "How about a rod of lordlymight?"     "D
oesn't that count as a weapon?"     "Not if the Dungeon Master isn't looking."     Ringman covered h
is eyes with his hands and shook his head.     "Her old amulet of life protection would make you imm
une topsionic blasts, and that's the only psionic attack mode that canaffect you.  Or that amulet of
 proof against detection andlocation would keep the bad guys from finding out where you were. Or . .
 ."     Ringman wasn't listening anymore.  He was lost in thought. 'That helm of brilliance sounds m
arvelous.  Wearing that would belike being a fire god.  But . . . titan strength, the ability tolift
 and carry 1500 pounds without even straining, smash openlocked doors 9 times out of 10, successfull
y bend bars and liftgates 110% of the time, and get +7 to hit and +14 to damage.'  Herolled the word
s around in his head.  "Plus 7 to hit and plus 14to damage.  Mmmmm.  +7 to-hit/+14 damage.     "WHAT
 am I SAYING!" he suddenly blurted out.  DisgustingSword stopped rattling off item names.  Ringman h
yperventilated. "Look, I can't get involved in any power trips, no matter howtempting."     "Don't t
ell me you actually think your code of paladinhoodprohibits that sort of thing!"     "No, no, no, po
wer trips . . . power trips got the I.U.D.C.together in the first place.  Power trips turned Gross S
word tochaos and evil.  I don't want that to keep on happening topeople, least of all to me."  He gr
asped his holy sword by thehilt, which was still stuck point-first in one of the gapsbetween the sto
nes in the floor, and pulled it out.     Or at least he tried to pull his sword out.  It wouldn'tbud
ge.     "Oh, come _on_, holy avenger, we've been through this before. You're not sentient.  You were
n't forged by a wizard who lookedlike a red push-button telephone receiver.  So stop playing thatswo
rd-in-the-stone bit and come on out."     He yanked again.  The few inches of the blade still stuck 
inthe masonry still refused to give.     "Maybe it likes being Sick Sword's tombstone," DisgustingSw
ord suggested.     "We're gonna move Sick Sword anyway," Ringman said as hestrained with the stubbor
n longsword.  "She'd stink up the keepif we didn't bury her.  And we can't exactly cremate her while
that permanent potion of fire resistance at 150% effectiveness isstill in effect on her.  Oh, stop p
laying dead, you stupid sword,_let go_!"     Ringman exhaled and dropped to his knees.  It seemed th
erewas only one way to get it out.  "Pretty please?" he pleaded withthe sword.     The holy avenger 
leapt from its place in the floor intoRingman's right hand.  Ringman shook his head in tired disbeli
ef.     Ridiculous Sword eyed the holy sword warily.  "Are you surethat sword's not sentient?"     "
Sure I'm sure.  It's never so much as throbbed at me forthe whole time I've owned it, and Peter Perf
ect _said_ it was anordinary holy sword."     "Lemme have it for a few minutes."     Ringman shrugge
d.  "Okay."  He handed her the sword.  "Whatare you going to do."     She held the sword in her righ
t hand, took out a scrollshe'd had specially scribed for just such an occasion, and readthe runes fr
om the page.  The scroll looked like it would take awhile to read.     "She's identifying it," Disgu
sting Sword told him.  "Theidentify spell itself takes ten minutes to cast, but she can pickup one p
roperty of your holy sword every six seconds after that."     "Oh."     "Say, what weapon do you use
 in your off hand?"     "You mean, what's in my left hand when I'm wielding my holysword?" Ringman r
eplied.  "My shield, of course."     "No, I mean, what do you use in your left hand when you're_not_
 using your shield."     "Oh.  Well, when Peter Perfect splintered my old +4 shield Ihad to use my m
agic hand axe in my left hand."     "I see.  And just how magic is your hand axe?"     "Plus three. 
 Why?"     "Well, you can use a dagger, right?"     "Well, yeah, I have --"     "So why not trade th
at old +3 hand axe in for Sick Sword's+6 dagger of wounding?"     Ringman opened his mouth in a half
-stupor.  "A plus . . .six . . . dagger . . . of wounding?" he whispered.  Then, in hisnormal voice:
 "Hmmph, it's bad enough she was ever able to buysuch a weapon in the first place.  Can you imagine 
me walkingaround with a pure adamantite dagger that leaves unhealablewounds?"     "And . . . you're 
sure you won't want that girdle of titanstrength?"     Ringman stood up and put his hands behind his
 back.  "Ithink," he mused as he strolled toward the window, "That I wouldrather take in the view of
 the surrounding forest than wear agirdle of titan strength."     Disgusting Sword glared at him out
 of the corner of her eye. "Are you sure you're really our father?"     Ringman glanced solemnly ove
r his shoulder at her, and aftera few seconds replied, "Are you sure you're really my kids?"     He 
looked out over the fields in the late-afternoon sun fora long time, never so much as flinching.  Ne
ver so much aslooking back at his first daughter, whom his last question hadhurt.  It was only Ridic
ulous Sword's voice ten minutes laterthat broke him out of his trance.     "I think I've found somet
hing," she said, putting the sworddown.  She would have been quite exhausted had not that spellcome 
from a scroll instead of herself.     "Oh?" Ringman turned toward her, only half-interested.     "Yo
ur sword has no intelligence in the usual sense of swordintellect.  However, it is sentient, in a wa
y."  She handed theholy avenger back to Ringman.     Confused, Ringman carefully took the sword in b
oth hands. He viewed it in a totally different light now.  "How . . . is itsentient?"     "It has on
e special power, in addition to being a run-of-the-mill +5 holy longsword."     'Run-of-the-mill hol
y sword?' Ringman thought.  "Um, whatpower is that?"     "If you embed it in stone, it won't come ba
ck out unless yousay, 'Pretty please'."                                #     Ringman rode rather slo
wly back to his own castle. Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword could straighten things outat his 
late girlfriend's keep on their own.     His holy sword hung from his belt as it had on that hurried
journey over there.  He had firmly decided not to take any magicitems from Sick Sword's inventory ho
me with him, so there was nohelm of brilliance capping his head or girdle of titan strengthcircumscr
ibing his waist.  However, there was one charge of SickSword's that he did feel obliged to look afte
r, and it sat on thesaddle behind him.     "My master's gone," the brownie sobbed.  It had taken a l
ongtime for him to get over the shock of having the mental cordbetween himself and Sick Sword snap a
part.  Familiars always tooka while to recover from the loss of their master.  Now his cryinghad sub
sided to a gentle evening shower in the middle of theforest.     "I know how you feel," Ringman comm
ented.  "Believe me, Iknow how you feel, . . . uh, what's your name?"     The half-pixie dried one o
f his eyes with his index finger. "Sick Sword always called me 'the brownie'."     "She . . . she ne
ver even asked you your name?"     "Naah, she was usually too busy, and most of the time I wasastral
ly projected so I wouldn't get hurt."  He gazed skyward,then out at the forest.  His first home had 
been in a forest muchlike this one.  "The astral plane was an awfully drear place; butat least I had
 her thoughts to keep me company."     "Did you have a name among the brownies?"     "Well, yeah, my
 folks and all my friends used to call me'Homer' before I got recruited to be Sick Sword's familiar.
"     "So . . . you left your family and friends behind then."     "Yeah, but at least I got this in
 the bargain."  He held upa dimly glowing short sword.  "It's made of pure adamantite."     Ringman 
chuckled slightly.  "So what around here isn't?"     "Did . . . did you used to have family and frie
nds too?"     "You mean, before I became a paladin?  Well, yes, as amatter of fact, I did.  My fathe
r was a mason, you see; in fact,that was the family trade, fitting and mortaring stonework.  Ofcours
e, like everyone in this culture I learned the family tradetoo, but my father knew somebody who had 
connections with theKnights' Guild, and that if I trained hard enough I could enterthe service of Ki
ng Whatshisname the Seventy-Fifth.  So I went toknight school --"     "Couldn't you have gone in the
 daytime?"     Ringman grimaced.  "That's an old pun.  Anyway, I made itthrough knight training, ent
ered the king's service, andeventually got selected to be one of the elite palace knights. They said
 it had to do with certain rare qualities that weredetermined at birth.     "Anyhow, they gave me th
is book to learn called 'The Code ofPaladinhood.'  Only problem was that at the time I couldn't read
,so I had to learn it by rote.  Well, I did learn the paladin'scode, and the instant I finished reci
ting it before the Knights'Guild I gained all these weird powers.  And pretty soon, I gotassigned to
 be guardian of the town I'm still living in."     Homer rubbed his chin for a second.  "But you sti
ll haven'ttold me about your family and friends."     Ringman thought for a long moment.  He was loo
king down atnothing in particular.  "Maybe that's because . . . I've beentrying not to remember them
."     They rode on through the forest in silence.                                #     Now that was
 something you didn't see every day, the firstguard thought.  Rarely did little boys ever visit The 
Dungeon,and even then they usually weren't wearing robes of eyes.  Still,he had his duty to uphold, 
so he straightened his scale mail,drew his broadsword, hefted his shield, and asked, "Who goesthere?
"     The boy grinned and parted open his robe of eyes on oneside, then opened the black robe of the
 archmagi underneath sothat both guards could see the dagger sticking out of his belt-sheath.  The t
iny sliver of the blade that was exposed to sightglowed a dim blue.     The first guard nudged the s
econd out of his nap with hiselbow.  The second guard rubbed his eyes to resolve the verydangerous l
ooking little boy stalking toward them.     The first guard pointed his sword at the kid.  "Halt and
identify yourself!  Who are you?"     The boy stopped four feet away from him and narrowed hiseyes u
ntil he stared out of slits.  "Your worst nightmare."     The second guard drew his sword as the fir
st one gasped andtightened his posture.  It wasn't very easy to move in scalemail.  It was, however,
 very easy to move in a robe of eyes and arobe of the archmagi, particularly if you happened to be a
 17th-level monk and a 60th-level weapons master under the influence ofa potion of speed at double n
ormal effectiveness.  The boy's handflashed out, snatched the broadsword from Guard Number One, ands
queezed until the blade broke in half.     Startled, Guard Number Two swung his sword around in acre
scent arc, aiming for the kid's left shoulder.  Before he knewwhat happened, the boy had drawn his d
agger with his left hand,sliced up through the air, and cut off the guard's right hand.     "OWWWWWW
W!" the guard screamed, slumping to the ground andclutching his right wrist below the stump just as 
hard as hecould.  It didn't stop the slow trickle of blood.     The first guard said some interjecti
on in lawful-neutral andscampered away as fast as he could.  The second guard wasn'tabout to stop th
e youth from getting in The Dungeon if he wantedin that badly.  He couldn't have stopped him anyway.
     'That's what I like about being chaotic evil,' Gross Swordthought as he walked through the entr
ance, 'You can do anythingyou want.'     "Well well," Wild Max said when he glimpsed Gross Swordwalk
ing into the visitors' arena, "What have we here?"     "It's a boy!" declared Rango.     "A boy wear
ing a robe of eyes!" Da Bad Dude observed.     "And a black robe of the archmagi," Dirk the Destruct
iveadded.     "And holding," Rango examined the dagger in his left hand,"A +6 unholy dancing frost-b
rand defender anti-sun blade ofwounding, sharpness, throwing, thunderbolts, venom, lifestealing, sla
ying everything, contradisruption, bronze dragonslaying, brass dragon slaying, copper dragon slaying
, gold dragonslaying, silver dragon slaying, green dragon slaying, blue dragonslaying, speed, final 
word, and nine lives stealing."     A fire leapt up from the dagger's hilt and consumed theblade.  "
You forgot flame-tongue," the Gross Dagger complained.     "Oh, how stupid of me," Rango said.     "
Frost-brand and flame-tongue at the same time?" Da Bad Dudewondered.     "Humph," Gross Sword humphe
d.  "Hmm.  Ha.  Ha ha.  HA!  HAHA HA HA HO HO HO HO HO!  HARDEHARHARHAR!!"     "Hey," Wild Max sneer
ed, "What's so funny?!?"     "You call yourselves Disgusting Characters?!?  HAH!  I spiton your feeb
le attempts of disgust!  PTOOI!"     "Well, what do you expect?!" Dirk the Destructive saiddefensive
ly.  "We've been stripped of our magic items, ourpsionic powers, and our dignity.  Why, back in the 
days of theUnion, we could --"     "DO NOTHING!  Your pathetic Union was defeated by a bunch ofwimps
 as weak as yourselves!"  He reached into one of hisportable holes, pulled out his three magic helms
, and stackedthem on his head where they belonged.  "Why, my _mother_ coulddefeat your most powerful
 member."     "Oh yeah?  Who's your mother, kid, Sick Sword?!"     "As a matter of fact, yes."     _
That_ got their attention.     "Or at least she was until today.  Now she's nothing."     Rango shru
gged.  "Well, don't look at any of us.  We didn'thave anything to do with it."     "Not that we're s
orry to see her go," Wild Max gloated.     "Of course not.  _I_ killed her and evaporated her soul."
     All four pairs of ex-IUDC-members' eyes bugged out.  Thenslowly, one by one, they began applaud
ing their boy hero.  GrossSword bowed.     "Kiddo," Da Bad Dude said amid the mounting cheers, "You'
vejust got yourself four followers for life."     "Followers?" Gloss Sword asked rhetorically.  He'd
 expectedsomeone to suggest that, but turned the word into a questionanyway for dramatic effect.  "O
h, I'm not interested infollowers.  You four are going to bow down and worship me."     The cheering
 stopped instantly.     "Or I will kill each and every one of you."     A purple shimmer in the midd
le of the room broke the mood. The ex-Disgusting-Characters all wiped their brows in reliefuntil the
y saw who it was stepping out of the purple shimmer.     "I thought I might find you here, Gross Swo
rd," RidiculousSword said.     "Well, sister dear," Gross Sword smiled chaotic-evilly,"Long time no 
see.  Too bad about dear old mom, eh?"     "You've killed your last prime material being, Gross --" 
    "And she might have survived, too, had she ever bothered todraw the 'fates' card from a deck of 
many things.  Tch tch tch."     Very calmly, she said, "Defend yourself, brother," andcharged at him
 at 12 288 feet-per-six-seconds.     Gross Sword's Gross Broadsword deflected Ridiculous Sword'sRidi
culous Hand Axe with no trouble at all.  Of course, the clapof thunder that rose out of the weapon-t
o-weapon contact was abit unnerving.  "I always have," Gross sword replied to her lastinstruction.  
   This time, it was Ridiculous Sword's Ridiculous Broadsword'sturn to parry Gross Sword's Gross Dag
ger, which it did quitewell.  With a little guidance from its disgustingly accurateowner and another
 very loud thunder clap, of course.     "Hmmm," Gross Sword said in between sword hacks, "Not badfor
 an amateur."     Ridiculous Sword glanced around at the cells around her andtheir terrified occupan
ts.  Each weapon-to-weapon thunderboltprobably brought them that much closer to deafness.  She would
have to take the battle outside.  Breaking off from the fray, sheran out through the entrance doorwa
y, past the wounded guard, andinto the elysian fields.     Gross Sword ran out as far as the de-hand
ed guard in thedoorway, then stopped.  "Gee, too bad," he said very loudly, "Ifyou won't engage me I
 guess I'll just have to kill _him_ instead!"     Ridiculous Sword had to get his attention, and fas
t.  "GrossSword sleeps with his Teddy bear!" she teased, and scamperedinsultingly away.     "I do no
t!" the nine-year-old disgusting boy replied.  "Andbesides, he's a Teddy dragon-turtle."  He charged
 after her.     They clashed again.  And again.  Their weapons sent peals ofthunder echoing from the
 far-off peaks.  And neither of them gothit.     "I see," Gross Sword said over the prevailing thund
er, "Thatthe Dungeon Master hasn't retracted that old limitation requiringyou to roll a natural 20 t
o hit anyone who's armor class -17 orbetter."     "Don't play dumb with me," Ridiculous Sword replie
d just asaudibly.  "The Dungeon Master let us add our to-hit bonuses intothose 'extended twenties' o
n the attack matrices long ago.  Ourarmor classes are just so good that we can't hit each otheranywa
y."     They couldn't even hit each other by surprise or frombehind, either, as they eventually disc
overed.  Their rear armorclasses were -45, not counting their protections from evil/good.     Clang,
 clash, the skirmish continued.  Clang, clang, clang,shink, kssh, kssh, shunk, pshank -- they could 
have knocked eachother unconscious and never hit each other.  They were hit-proofeven in their sleep
.  This was getting them nowhere.     "This is getting us nowhere," Ridiculous Sword commented.     
"Who cares?  This is the most fun I've had in hours!"     Sparks flew from their weapons, dusty road
s and elysianfields got trampled underfoot, a few people and some forestcreatures in the vicinity we
nt deaf, and still they hadn't ascratch on them.  Neither of them dared to use any of their "slayliv
ing" or "finger of death" spells, both because they'd easilymake their saving throws and because any
 spells they cast at eachother would set up a resonating field between their rings ofspell turning. 
 It was a stalemate, pure and simple.     And finally, even Gross Sword got tired of playing thissil
ly game.     "I'm tired of playing this silly game.  I think I'll go wipeout an upper or lower plane
 instead."     "No!" Ridiculous Sword accidentally gasped.     Gross Sword smiled.  "You'll see me a
round again.  On oneplane or another."  And with that, he vanished.     Ridiculous Sword let her wea
pons drop down by her side, andretrieved her Ridiculous Dagger and Ridiculous Longsword from outof t
he air.  Being weapons of dancing, the dagger and longswordhad been doing their part independent of 
her.  Then again, GrossSword had been doing _his_ part independent of her since before hewas born.  
She wished she knew what had made him go wrong, shewished one of those commune spells or audiences w
ith the DungeonMaster or Ollamh bards would have let her in on the secret. Something about spraying 
an evil seed was all she'd ever pickedup.     But first, she had to warn the other planes of what mi
ghtsoon happen to them.  Gross Sword could attack anyplace at anytime, but his most likely targets w
ould be those planes that werelawful good.  After all, he could goad her the most by attackinga sain
tly plane, and his own alignment was diametrically opposedto law and good anyway.  That narrowed his
 choices down to thethree levels of Arcadia, the seven Heavens, and the TwinParadises.  Twelve plane
s to choose from, and Gross Sword couldstrike at any one of those.  Well, she had better get st--   
  No, there was a thirteenth plane she'd almost neglected toinclude: the back of the east wind, wher
e Bahamut's palace stood. The lord of all good dragons; wouldn't _his_ head make anexcellent trophy 
to hang on Gross Sword's wall.  That would haveto be Ridiculous Sword's first stop.                 
               #     "Bahamut!" Ridiculous Sword called out.  There was noanswer.  Surely, the one p
latinum dragon could hear her; hispalace was barely a hundred yards away.  Even if the palace _was_i
nvisible to normal sight.  She approached a bit closer, andcalled for him again: "BA-hamut!"     An 
old hermit creaked up to her from a nearby brook down ahill.  There were seven canaries flitting aro
und his head.  "Areyou looking for the platinum dragon?" the hermit asked.     "Oh, there you are," 
Ridiculous Sword said nonchalantly. "Hi, Bahamut.  We have to talk."     The hermit studied her clos
ely, then gasped and bugged outhis eyes.  "It's _you_!" he exclaimed, and as he said this hisbody un
derwent a startling transformation.  His neck elongatedand thickened, his arms and legs elongated an
d thickened, hishead elongated and thickened, his torso elongated and thickened,his previously non-e
xistent tail elongated and thickened, and hisskin turned from wrinkled dry tan to shining platinum. 
 Withinseconds, the hermit was a huge ancient dragon once more.     His canaries turned into huge an
cient gold dragons too, butthat was what usually happened anyway.  "Ridiculous Sword!"Bahamut said, 
quivering in awe.  He bowed in that way that onlydragons can.  "I'm honored by your presence!  Tell 
me, whatbrings you to the back of the east wind?"     "I came here to warn you about my brother, Gro
ss . . . hey,wait a minute.  Didn't Wierd Dough kill you for your experiencepoints?"     "Oh, phhh, 
that was only my Bahamut android, programmed toact like me in every detail.  So what is this warning
 about yourbrother?"     "He's finally flipped," Ridiculous Sword exhaled.  "I saw itcoming for a lo
ng time, 'though I'm not sure why.  He said hewanted to wipe out an upper or lower plane, and he's f
ullycapable of following through on that promise.  This place is hismost likely target.  And so are 
you."     Bahamut shook his tremendous mane and swallowed hard in thatway that only huge ancient pla
tinum dragons can.  "And . . . whatcan I do to protect myself and my court?"     Ridiculous Sword gl
anced downward.  "I wish I knew."     And that's when the air behind Bahamut glowed purple for amome
nt.     "Holy feces," Ridiculous Sword cursed, "He's here."  Shedrew her Ridiculous Hand Axe and her
 Ridiculous Broadsword andran around behind the dragon lord.     Gross Sword only smiled and sprinte
d in a wide arc out toBahamut's right side.  Ridiculous Sword followed at the sameimpossible breakne
ck speed, but there was really no way she couldcatch up to him.  Not unless he made a mistake.     H
e seemed to be making a mistake, Ridiculous Sword noticed. He seemed to be running too slowly.  Ridi
culous Sword wasactually catching up with him.  She knew he had the same set ofartifact powers and t
he same running speed as she did -- theirinfernal balance of power insured that -- so then why would
 herun slow enough for her to close the gap?     It was not Gross Sword that had made the mistake.  
It wasRidiculous Sword who had.  She was so intent on catching up withher brother that she didn't th
ink that maybe he wanted her tocatch up.  Just as Ridiculous Sword was nearly upon him, GrossSword d
oubled back and headed for the platinum dragon at fulltilt.     Ridiculous Sword cursed herself for 
falling into that trap,leapt, executed a midair flip, and sprinted back toward herbrother and the dr
agon lord she had been trying to protect.  Shewasn't closing in on Gross Sword this time, though.   
  But Bahamut wasn't going to take this sitting still.  Heknew about disgusting characters' armor cl
asses, so clawing andbiting were out of the question; besides, they had far too manyhit points to ki
ll in just a few blows.  Instead, he opened hiscavernous maw and exhaled a cloud of vapor at the boy
-demoncharging him.  The seven gold dragons by his side also breathedseven cones of fire at the ligh
t-brown-haired youth in case thatmight do any good.     If by some miracle of nature Gross Sword had
 managed to rolla "1" on a 20-sided die against Bahamut's vaporous breath, hewould have assumed gase
ous form for two whole hours.  As it was,though, he was neither vaporized nor fried; the flames allb
ounced off his fireproof Other Bracer of Irresistible Damageanyway.  He closed to terrifyingly close
 range with Bahamut,glanced over his shoulder at his sister (who was only 10 yardsbehind him), jumpe
d, whirled around in midair, landed on the backof Bahamut's neck, and poised his Gross Broadsword th
reateninglybeneath the platinum dragon's chin.  "FREEZE!" he commanded.     Ridiculous Sword hesitat
ed.  The dragon lord was motionlessas stone.     "One more step, Ridiculous Sword, and Bahamut here 
gets it!"     Ridiculous Sword eyed her brother warily.  He had alreadykilled his own mother; he was
 certainly capable of followingthrough with his threat.  She wondered why he hadn't just killedBaham
ut outright.     "Now, throw down your weapons," Gross Sword ordered.     'So that's his plan,' Ridi
culous Sword thought.  'Make medisarm myself, then he can kill me and Bahamut both.'  "You'dkill him
 anyway," she said, and leapt through the air toward him.     "You're right," Gross Sword replied, "
I would."  And theinstant before Ridiculous Sword reached him, he stuck his swordinto Bahamut's thro
at and did 345 points of damage.  And thatwasn't even counting the life stealing, slaying, venom, se
vering,or disintegration effects of the weapon.  Bahamut slumpedheadless to the ground.     Gross Sw
ord liked the feeling of that so much he killed oneof the seven huge ancient gold dragons as well be
fore he used hisamulet of the planes to transport him out.     There wasn't a human or gold dragon p
resent who wasn'tscreaming, crying, or moaning.                                #     Ringman was una
ware of what had just transpired at the backof the east wind.  He had his own dilemma to worry about
.     He saw it coming the moment he'd parked his horse.  A lonefigure, this time confidently withou
t its own warhorse, stalkedslowly into town toward Ringman's small castle.  The glowingplate mail, t
he jewelled helmet, and the sheathed Prometheusdangling from its side left no question as to who it 
was that haddecided to bug them again.  "Quick, Homer!" Ringman instructedthe brownie, "To the secon
d floor!"     "But what's being one floor higher gonna do against PeterPerfect?" Homer asked as he c
lambered up the stairs behindRingman.     "If I'm right," the 9th-level paladin explained as hereach
ed the second story, "Everything."  He pointed.  "There's acloset marked 'Non-magical weapons' along
 the south wall.  It it,there'll be a stack of things that look like javelins.  Grab allof those jav
elin-looking things you can and bring them to theeast parapet."     "Right," Homer said, and got goi
ng.  He was too scared ofPeter Perfect to argue.     Ringman went to the north parapet and unlashed 
a ratherlarge war engine on wheels.  "I put this here to ward off attackfrom the north," He mumbled 
to himself as he started to push theapparatus.  "Peter Perfect _would_ have to attack from the east.
"     He was having an Acheron of a time getting this thing tomove on those old, rotten wooden wheel
s.  He wished now that he_had_ taken that girdle of titan strength; then he could justcarry this who
le mess to the east parapet.  But he was makingpretty good time anyway, considering that the left wh
eel onlyturned about 1/3 of the time.     "Oh RIIING-mannn!" Peter Perfect's voice echoed from far-o
ffjust as Ringman finished dragging the artillery engine onto theparapet.  "Where ARE you, Ring-mann
n?  Come out and pla-ay!  It'sthat time of the month again!"     Ringman grabbed the front end of th
e gismo and pulled untilit pointed more or less at Peter Perfect.  Homer was justemerging from the h
allway, carrying a very large armful ofjavelin-looking things.  He dropped one about every ten feet.
 Ringman nodded at the brownie, then took hold of the giganticrubber band that spanned the front of 
the device and stretched itacross a large metal tong three feet back from the apparatus'front.     "
Now what do I do?" Homer asked as Ringman got behind themachine.     "Load one of the missiles into 
the firing slot, just infront of that rubbery thing as soon as I crank it all the wayback."  He gras
ped the two levers connected to opposite sides ofa toothed wheel and began to turn it.  Several gear
s and pulleyslater, the metal tong keeping the rubber band in place pulledback even farther.  Ringma
n continued to crank and the rubberband continued to retract.     "What is this thing?" Homer asked.
     "It's a ballista," Ringman said with evident strain in hisvoice.  It was getting harder and har
der to turn the crank.     Peter Perfect interrupted them again, this time closer. "Which part of yo
ur body shall I cut off this time?  How aboutyour left arm?  Or a leg?  Or a different extremity?"  
   Ringman ignored him.  "Since I learned how, I've beenreading the Book of Infinite Wisdom a little
 myself," heexplained.  "I found this little gem in the construction andsiege heading.  So, with a l
ittle help from Sick Sword -- beforeshe threw me out of her life -- I got hold of a +1 ballista. Pet
er Perfect's in for a nasty surprise."     "Hey, too bad about your little girlfriend, Ringboy," Pet
ershouted once more.  "At least you won't have her ordering youaround the castle to wash the dishes,
 right?"     Homer smiled expectantly as he loaded the first spearlikemissile into the firing track.
  Ringman took his seat as thefirer and grabbed the handles which allowed him to aim.  Sincethis was
 a magic ballista, the swivel bearings would never rust,and so despite his difficulty in moving the 
ballista to thisposition its aiming mechanism worked smooth as glassteel.  Hepoised his thumb atop t
he right handle's release switch, lined upPeter Perfect in the built-in crosshairs, and let him have
 it.     The missile streaked through the air and shattered toflinders against Peter Perfect's chest
.  "Ho ho, Ringman," helaughed, "You're going to have to do better than that!"     Ringman whacked h
imself over the forehead.  "I _would_ haveto forget about that accursed Coat of Arnd.  He's totallyi
nvulnerable from his neck down to his thighs.  Reload for meagain after I crank it back; I'm going t
o have to aim for hislegs."     Homer shrugged.  "Sure thing, uh, boss."  Ringman hadalready set the
 rubber band back on the metal flange and washurriedly working the crank.     Peter Perfect trudged 
ever-closer.  He was less than twohundred yards away now.  "I never thought that the 'great andpower
ful' Ringman would resort to throwing things at me!"     Homer had the ballista loaded, and Ringman 
centered PeterPerfect in his sights.  He aimed just a tad lower this time,putting the crosshairs on 
his right thigh rather than his torso,and fired.  The rubber band tossed the projectile forward, the
ballista rattled back-and-forth, the black streak of the missilelunged across the intervening distan
ce, and a javelin-lookingthing pierced right through Peter Perfect's adamantite-alloyedthigh guard a
nd impaled his right leg.     "ARRRRGH!" Peter screamed, clutching at the shaft.  "Howcould you _pos
sibly_ have hit me?!  I'm armor class -20!"     "Think again, you poor excuse for a paladin!" Ringma
nshouted.  "According to page 109, left-hand column, paragraph 4of the Book of Infinite Wisdom, 'BAL
LISTA TARGETS . . . AREALWAYS CONSIDERED TO BE AC 10 IF EXPOSED TO SIGHT.'!"     "Armor . . . class 
. . . ten?!?" Peter worried.     Ringman had another missile loaded in less time than anyonein his r
ight mind would think he was capable of.  "Fire!" heshouted, this time aiming for Peter's right leg.
     Peter Perfect saw it coming and tried to dodge.  His shieldand dexterity were totally useless i
n this situation; he couldonly hope that by not being a static target he would incur someto-hit pena
lty on Ringman.  Penalty or not, the missile stillhit, and now Peter had a wooden pole sticking out 
of his leftleg.     "Ouch!" Peter ouched, hopping from leg to leg.  Either legwas equally painful to
 walk on.  His invulnerability had notprotected him here, so he figured that that blasted Ringman mu
stbe using a magic ballista or something.  He heard the sound of aturning ratchet; Ringman was reloa
ding again.  Confound it, andhe only had 188 hit points too.  Sure, each hit only did 1-11damage poi
nts to him (they'd be doing 3-13 if not for hispermanent protection from normal missiles spell), but
 how longcould he hold out before Ringman got that lucky strike to hishead?  He had only one alterna
tive as far as he could tell: getout of there, and get out fast.     And so, with a purple glow from
 his second magic helmet,Peter Perfect teleported out.     "All right!" Homer shouted, "We did it!" 
 He held up hishand.     Ringman slapped the brownie's hand a high-five, and joinedhim in rejoicing.
  "Yeah, we did it!  VICTORY! . . . for now."                                #     "Defeat," Ridicul
ous Sword said as she solemnly loweredBahamut's corpse into the ceremonial dragon burial ring, "Forn
ow."  There would be no cremation, no funeral pyre; dragon skinwas too valuable to waste.     Two sm
all bronze dragons and one normal-sized young golddragon lowered the slain gold dragon's body down b
esideBahamut's.  There were tears in all their eyes, but the younggold dragon seemed ready to burst.
     A silver dragon took faltering steps towand the two, andlaid headstones next to them.  "Bahamut
," the first one read,"Lord of all good dragons."  The second one read: "Samuel, ofBahamut's court."
     "G-g-goo'bye, dad," the young gold dragon wept by Samuel'sremains.  Then, he closed his eyes an
d recited one of the golddragons' axioms: "You shall lie more peacefully . . . that youhave furthere
d Bahamut's ideal."     And with that, nearly every one of the hundreds of metal-colored dragons who
 had gathered there burst into tears.  The sixhuge ancient gold dragons that had been Bahamut's cour
t most ofall.  Bahamut was Life to each and every one of them.     "First Saint Paul," Ridiculous Sw
ord recounted, "Then ourmom, and now Bahamut.  I swear, Gross Sword, I'll not rest untilyou've been 
defeated.  I'll find a way.  No one is totallyinvulnerable, not you, not I, not anyone.  Even if it 
means myown life and soul, I'll stop you."     "Bahamut!" the saurine voices around her wailed.  "Oh
Bahamut, Bahamut, Bahamut!"                            PART THREE     Ridiculous Sword pushed her wa
y through the swinging doorsof the saloon.  She needed a drink.  Or at least she needed someplace to
 unwind.     She listened briefly to the piano player on her way from thedoor to the bar.  He was pl
aying one of those sprightly tunesthat piano players always seem to be playing in saloons.  A signre
sted on top of his tinny upright, reading: "Don't hack me tobits, I'm only the piano player."     Sh
e propped herself up on a barstool and smoothed the light-brown hair out of her face.  "Bartender, g
immie a doubleethanol."     The bartender leered at her.  "Okay, kid, let's see someI.D."     She lo
oked him straight in the eye.  "I.D.'s haven't beeninvented yet."     "Oh yeah," he replied, and rea
ched below the counter for abottle of pure grain alcohol.     She looked at the piano player again, 
who was repeating thesame phrase he'd just played 20 seconds ago.  "Oh, can it, pianoshaven't been i
nvented yet either."     "Here ya go, kid," the bartender returned with a glassful ofethyl alcohol. 
 "Uh, ya do got money, don'tcha?"     "Do I have money, he asks!  Here."  She plopped a million-gold
-piece gem down on the counter.     The bartender's eyes bulged out.  "Um, er, uh, sorry, but wedon'
t --"     "Take any denominations smaller than 20 gold pieces.  Allright, all right!  So what else i
s new?"     She drew her Ridiculous Hand Axe, much to the dismay of thebartender, and chopped the 1,
000,000-gold-piece gem up into65,536 15.25878906-gold-piece gems.  She scooped 65,535 of theseback i
nto her leather backpack of holding (which she placed inher portable hole) and gave one to the barte
nder.  "Here.  Keepthe change.  Oh, and bring me two more of these, will ya?"     "Two more double-e
thanols?  Uh, sure . . ."  He set to work.     She lifted the glass to eye level and swished it arou
nd,watching the small impurity of water make little eddies.  Thenshe lowered it to her mouth.  "For 
the honor of Grayhawk," shetoasted, and downed the whole glassful in a single gulp.     It was in st
aring at the bottom of the tilted glass that shesaw a reflection of the commotion outside.     "No,"
 the little half-elven boy screamed as he struggled tofree himself.  "I don't _wanna_ go with you!" 
    "Sure-you-do," the female dragging his left arm replied in amonotone.  "Don't-you-want-to-come-h
ome-with-us?"     "No!  You're not my _real_ mommy and daddy!"     "Of-course-we-are," the male drag
ging his right arm recitedin a monotone half an octave below the female's.     The monotone mommy an
d daddy barely noticed that they hadbumped into a ten-year-old girl.  When the message reachedwhatev
er passed for their brains, they were quick to reprimandher.     "Get-out-of-our-way," the female sa
id, pointing herdecaying, elven pointy ears forward.  "This-is-none-of-your-business."     "Oh no?" 
Ridiculous Sword replied.  "Since when do zombieparents have live children?"     'Zombies?' the boy 
gulped.     The two glazy-eyed humans looked at each other quizzically,then looked back at Ridiculou
s Sword and said in chorus, "We-are-not-zombies."     Ridiculous Sword smirked.  "We'll see about th
at," shereplied as she reached under her robe of eyes.  She pulled out awhite egg-shaped thing with 
a light blue stripe (with dark bluetrim) across the middle that had the words "HOLY SYMBOL" printedo
n the side.  Holding it out in front of her and facing the kid's"parents," she nonchalantly said, "B
egone."     And the two zombies disintegrated into piles of dust.     The boy just stood there and s
hook.     "Sorry," Ridiculous Sword put a hand on his shoulder.  "Didthose ever used to be your real
 parents?"     "Well," the boy sniffed, "Well, they did look sorta like mymom and dad . . ."     Rid
iculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "They've probably beendead for several days.  There are always those
 prankster cultsaround who'll look for parents who have just died and animatethem into zombies befor
e their kids find out.  Sorry it had tohappen to you."     "I," the boy began, ". . . I had a feelin
g something waswrong when they went out to the town well yesterday morning anddidn't come back."    
 Ridiculous Sword nodded again.  "Are you an only child?"     "Um, I don't have any brothers or sist
ers, if that's whatyou mean."  Then, he added: "I used to have a sister, but shedied of typhus."    
 Ridiculous Sword covered her eyes with her right hand andshook her head.  "When are these people go
ing to get around toinventing penicillin?"     The boy puzzled.  "Peni-what?"     "Er, never mind, n
ever mind.  Hey, what's your name?"     "Jimmy, what's yours?"     "Ridiculous Sword."     In the mo
st phenomenal turn-around Ridiculous Sword had seenin a long time, Jimmy went from the verge of sobb
ing to a barely-controllable fit of the giggles.  He was down on the ground inseconds.     "RIDICULO
US Sword?!?" he managed to spit out betweenguffaws.  "RIDICULOUS Sword!?!  Haw haw haw haw haw haw h
aw!! That's the stupidest name I EVER heard!!"     "Oh, right," Ridiculous Sword folded her arms, "A
nd Isuppose you think Jimmy is a _lots_ better name."     "You bet!  HAW HAW HAW!!  RIDICULOUS SWORD
!  What a STUPIDname!!!"     Of its own volition, the broadsword stashed next toRidiculous Sword's l
eft hip pulled itself free of its scabbardand dashed toward Jimmy.  Jimmy's case of the giggles went
 awayinstantly.  The sword hovered in midair momentarily, and thenzipped to within an inch of his th
roat.     "RIDICULOUS SWORD," the sword bellowed, amplifying its voicewith telepathy, "HAPPENS TO BE
 A PERFECTLY FINE NAME!  THERESOMETHING _WRONG_ WITH THAT?!!"     "Now, now, Ridiculous Sword," Ridi
culous Sword chided hernaughty weapon, "Don't go threatening innocent bystanders.  Hewas talking abo
ut me, anyway, not you."  She drew her sword fromthe air and sheathed it.  Jimmy shook like a fault 
line.  "Sorryabout that, Jimmy; my Ridiculous Sword's a bit touchy.  You'd be,too, if you had an 82 
ego."     "Your . . . your sword's named after you?"     "Sure."  She drew some of her other weapons
.  "And so's myhand axe, and my longsword, and my dagger, and my pair of gloves,and my other pair of
 gloves.  They're all just as Ridiculous as Iam."     Jimmy was silent for a very, very long fractio
n of a second. Then, he spoke up: "What do I do now that my mom and dad are twopiles of dust?"     R
idiculous Sword shrugged.  "Well, I guess you're with me,kiddo."     Jimmy glared at her.  "But you 
aren't any older than I am!"     "No, but I have seventy or eighty million more experiencepoints tha
n you do."     'Seventy or eighty million?' Jimmy mouthed, his eyesbulging.     "Come on," Ridiculou
s Sword gestured, "Let's go to yourplace and try to straighten out your future."                    
            #     "Now that I'm looking after you," Ridiculous Sword explainedas they walked down Ha
ck-and-Slash Lane toward Jimmy's old home,"I think you ought to know that I've made some pretty powe
rfulenemies.  Not the least of whom is my own dear brother."     "Uh huh.  So?"     "So, they might 
want to get at me through you.  You'll needto be able to protect yourself."     "Hey, I'm ten years 
old!  If anybody tries to mess with me,why, I'll bash 'em across the jaw!"  He swung at the empty ai
r. "I'll kick their butts!"  He thrust his foot out in front of him. "I'll --"     "You'll get kille
d, if you try that.  Fists and feet aren'tvery useful against crossbow bolts --"     Jimmy gulped.  
   "-- unless you happen to be a monk, like me."     "A monk?  But I thought you were a cleric!"    
 "No, silly, pure clerics can't use edged weapons."     "So you're a monk, _and_ a cleric then?"    
 Ridiculous Sword thought of telling him more, then thoughtbetter of it.  "Yes, I am."     "Oh."  Th
ey resumed walking.  Jimmy rubbed his chin for amoment.  "But monks aren't supposed to use swords!" 
    Ridiculous Sword sighed.  "Okay, you got me.  I'm also aranger."     Jimmy stopped short.  "So y
ou're a ranger, _and_ a monk, _and_a cleric?  Are you anything else besides?"     "Well, I _am_ a dr
uid as well."     "All right," Jimmy folded his arms.  "Tell me, from top tobottom, everything you a
re, or I'm not budging a centimeter!"     "Kinda personal, wouldn't you say?"     "You want me to tr
ust you?  Then tell me."     "Okay," she breathed, "I'm a Hierophant of the Cabal druid,the Grandfat
her of Assassins, the Grand Master of Flowers, a17th-level ranger lord, a 17th-level master thief, a
 20th-levelpaladin, a magna-alumnae bard, a 31st-level illusionist, a 49th-level arch-mage, a 60th-l
evel weapons mistress, and a psionic. I'm lawful good, because neither the Book of Infinite Wisdom, 
theBook of Finite Wisdom, nor the Other Book of Infinite Wisdommakes any stipulation against druids 
or bards or thieves orassassins changing their alignment."  She paused, reached intothe astral plane
, and pulled her brownie down into the physicaluniverse.  "This is my familiar, the Ridiculous Brown
ie.  Sayhello to the nice little half-elven boy, Ridiculous Brownie."     "Hi, nice little half-elve
n boy," the brownie said, anddisappeared back into the astral world.     "There," Ridiculous Sword f
inished, "Are you satisfied?"     Jimmy rolled his eyes up into his head and fainted.     When he wo
ke up twelve seconds later, he found RidiculousSword leaning over him about to cast some kind of wak
e-up spell. "Oh my deity," Jimmy moaned, "You're more well-equipped than SickSword!"     Ridiculous 
Sword stopped gesticulating, smiled a smile ofsudden understanding, closed her eyes, and nodded her 
head. "Sick Sword was my mother."     "Your mother . . . Sick _Sword_ . . . Ridiculous _Sword_. . ."
  They had the same last name and everything.  Now it allmade sense.  Well, almost all of it did: "Y
ou said Sick Sword_was_ your mother?"     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "Up until a couple days
ago.  Like I said, my brother is my most powerful enemy."     "Your own brother killed your mom?!"  
   "Mmm hmm.  'Fraid so.  Evil little sonofabitch, isn't he? Didn't even leave a soul behind to resu
rrect."     "So you're an orphan like me?"     "Well, not quite.  My dad's still alive, but he's jus
t a9th-level by-the-book paladin.  He's a nice guy, though. . . .Well, anyway, like I was trying to 
say, I've got some prettypowerful enemies, so you'll need some protection."     She took a portable 
hole out of her pocket with a piece ofmasking tape across the top.  On the strip of tape were scribe
dthe words, "Sick Sword's stuff -- excess."  Opening the hole, shereached in, rummaged around noisil
y, and finally pulled out agray, solid adamantite broadsword and handed it to Jimmy. "Here," she tol
d him, "This ought to help."     The instant Jimmy grabbed the haft, the sword's will tookadvantage 
of the opportunity and lanced full-force into him. Brilliant white light scintillated outward from t
he blade, anominous fanfare wafted through the air, and a voice bothtelepathic and auditory boomed, 
"I AM THE SICK SWORD!"     "Y-y-y-yikes!" said Jimmy meekly.     "BEFORE SICK SWORD WAS, I WAS.  BEF
ORE CENTRAL EARTH WAS, IWAS."     'Oh, come _on_,' Ridiculous Sword thought, 'You've only beenaround
 for twelve or thirteen years.'     "I AM ALL THINGS GREAT AND POWERFUL, ALL CREATURES GREAT ANDSMAL
L.  I SERVED IN THE HAND OF THE GREATEST WEAPONS-MISTRESS/CLERIC/ARCH-MAGE THAT EVER LIVED.  I CAN F
ELL AN OGRE WITH ASWIPE OF MY BACKHAND.  I --"     The Sick Sword felt a Ridiculous glove grab hold 
of itsadamantite blade.  "Cool it, Sicky," Ridiculous Sword ordered,"Or I'll find a humble ant to cr
ush you beneath the foot of!"     The adamantite broadsword was instantly silent.     "Sick Sword," 
she continued, "This is Jimmy, your newwielder.  You're to protect him just as you did Sick Sword. U
nderstand?"     "*sigh* . . . ALL RIGHT.  DO YOU WANT TO BE MY NEW OWNER,JIMMY?"     "Well . . . yea
h, sure!" Jimmy decided.     "EXCELLENT.  WHAT'S YOU'RE ALIGNMENT?"     "Uh, kinda chaotic-lawful wi
th neutral tendencies."     "WELL, IT'S LAWFUL-GOOD NOW."     "Huh?  What do you --"     "ARTIFACT S
IDE EFFECT A: ALIGNMENT OF POSSESSOR PERMANENTLYCHANGED TO THAT OF ITEM.  YOU ARE LAWFUL-GOOD NOW, W
HETHER YOULIKE IT OR NOT.  OH, AND I'M ALSO SUPPOSED TO PLACE A GEAS OR AQUEST ON YOU . . ."     Rid
iculous Sword leered at the weapon menacingly.     "SO, UM, UH, YOUR GEAS IS TO, ER, SEEK OUT AND FI
ND THE, UM,UH --"     "Holy Grail?" Jimmy asked.     The sword pointed at him defensively.  "HE SAID
 IT, NOT ME."     Ridiculous Sword snapped her fingers.  "No matter.  _I wishthat Jimmy were un-geas
ed_."     "WHEW," the sword exhaled.  "WELL, THAT WASN'T SO BAD, NOWWAS IT?"     "Well, I dunno," Ji
mmy told the Sick Sword, "I ain't neverbeen geased before."     "Jimmy, this is a +6 vorpal 9-lives 
stealing broadsword ofwounding, dancing, and life stealing.  It's made of solidadamantite.  Do you k
now what that means?"     "Yeah, it means I get to HACK UP THE BAD GUYS!  Wham!  Hack! Swoosh!"  He 
swung the sword around precariously three times.     "No, no, NO!  It means --" she grabbed the swor
d again tokeep him from slicing haphazardly through the air, "-- thatyou've gotta _learn_ how to use
 it to defend yourself.  In otherwords, you gotta know how to parry as well as how to attack.  Oneof
 the sword's major artifact powers _will_ reduce your base armorclass to 0, but that certainly isn't
 enough to make you hit-proof.Now then, what's your DEX?"     "Er, my what?"     "Your DEX.  You kno
w, your Dexterity."     "Well, I _guess_ I'm pretty good with my fingers."     "You GUESS?!  You mea
n you DON'T KNOW?!!"     "No.  Should I?"     "By God II, what kind of a world _is_ this where peopl
e don'teven know their own character abilities?!  Where's your charactersheet?"     "My what?"     R
idiculous Sword conked herself on the head.  "How do youexpect to keep track of your experience poin
ts without acharacter sheet!?"     "Well, um, I always just thought that, well, uh, you know. . ."  
   Ridiculous Sword sighed, feeling rather vexed, and reachedinto the outer planes right above Jimmy
's head.  She pulled out ayellow sheet of paper with lots of markings on it and the name"Jimmy" writ
ten in bold calligraphy.  "Let's see.  Jimmy:  half-elven, level 0 --" she eyed the sheet and the bo
y warily.  "--Oh, that's right, only PURE elves never get to be 0th level. Ahem; 9 Strength, 12 Inte
lligence, 8 Wisdom, 11 Dexterity, 13Constitution, 10 Charisma."  She looked at him over the top ofhi
s character sheet.  "You're not much, are you?"     Jimmy grimaced but didn't bother to reply.     R
idiculous Sword took his hand.  "Come with me," she said.     Jimmy shrugged and nodded his consent.
     Not that he had much choice in the matter.  RidiculousSword's second helm glowed purple for a m
oment, and they foundthemselves within a great cavern at the core of a majesticmountain.  With his n
atural infravisual capability, Jimmy saw amassive stone chair carved out of the stone on one side of
 thecave.  Intricate mosaics of ivory, platinum, and adamantiteadorned the bejewelled throne.  It wa
s pretty awesome-lookingeven in the infra-red.     "This is the Throne of the Gods," Ridiculous Swor
d told him,indicating the chair.  "Sit on it."     "Um, sit on it?" Jimmy inquired, not quite believ
ing her andstill a little shaken up from that teleport.     Ridiculous Sword nodded.  "Go on, sit on
 it."     Jimmy took a few faltering steps toward the relic.  "Are yousure this is a good idea?"    
 "Would I lie to you?"     "I don't know, would you?"     Ridiculous Sword sighed.  "Look, here, I'l
l even cast adetect lie spell on you so you can tell if I'm telling thetruth."  She did.  "Now then,
 that Throne is perfectly harmless."     Jimmy put a hand to his chin.  "What does that little redli
ght over your head mean?"     "Er, um, uh, all right then -- that Throne is perfectlyharmless _if_ y
ou do as I say."     In Jimmy's mind, the light over her head changed from red togreen.  "Well, okay
," Jimmy acquiesced, turning back toward theseat, "But no funny stuff."     Jimmy's hands trembled s
o badly he could barely hold on tothe arm rests as he sat himself down.     "Now, repeat after me," 
Ridiculous Sword told him.  "Semperfidelis, cum regio spaticum est."     "What's that mean?" Jimmy a
sked.     "Never mind what it means, just say it."     "But what's it mean?"     "It means 'Holy fid
elity!  It's a space ship!,' all right? So say it: semper fidelis, cum regio spaticum est."     "Sem
per fidelis, cum regio spaticum est."     "Sic transit gloria tuesdi."     "Sick transit gloria tues
di."     "Lisan-al-gaib Shai-hulud Muad'dib Kwisatz Haderach shield-lasgun explosion."     "Listen-a
l-gaib Shy-hoolud Maud'dib Quizzat's Hatrackshield-lazegun explosion."     "Abra cadabra, presto cha
ngeo."     "Abra cadabra, presto changeo."  And the instant he finished"changeo," he felt somehow . 
. . different.  "I feel somehow . . .different," he said.     Ridiculous Sword smiled.  "Prime power
 B: 'All ofpossessor's ability totals raised to 18 each upon pronouncementof a command word.'  Those
 little phrases I gave you to say werethe command word; now you have straight eighteens across thebo
ard."     Jimmy's eyes bugged out.  "You mean 18 strength, 18intelligence, 18 wisdom, 18 dexterity, 
18 constitution --"     "And eighteen charisma," Ridiculous Sword finished.     "But suppose I don't
 _want_ straight 18's across the board!"     "Oh, nonsense, _everybody_ wants all 18's.  Everybody e
xceptpeople who have 19's, that is.  Which reminds me . . ."     "Oh, no you don't!" Jimmy insisted,
 standing up and movingaway from the Throne.  "Bad enough that I can outclass mostnobility right now
!  You're not getting me pumped up anyfurther!"     Ridiculous Sword folded her arms.  "I could neve
r get myfather to do even as much as you just did."     "Maybe that was because Ringman _knew_ that 
all of hisabilities would get permanently raised to 18 if he did that.You never told me what you wer
e doing with me.  Gehenna, you'vehardly ever told me _anything_!  What are you, a cleric orsomething
?!"     "Naturally.  Part cleric, part --"     "Oh, _how_ could I for_get_ about your eleven classes
 --especially now with my 18 intelligence!  For the positivematerial plane's sake!"  He slammed his 
fist down on a rockoutcropping, leaving an 18 strength fist-shaped indentation. "There, you see!  Yo
u've already given me more power than I knowwhat to do with!"     "Come on, you can handle it; you'v
e got an 18 wisdom."     Jimmy was about to formulate a reply when Ridiculous Swordsnapped her finge
rs.  "Oh, wait a minute, almost forgot."  Shereached into a pouch strapped to her side and pulled ou
t twobaubles that Jimmy couldn't quite see.  "You don't have psionics,do you?"     "Well, no, why wo
uld --"  Jimmy stopped short.     Ridiculous Sword rolled the pair of icosahedrons across thecave fl
oor.  Since each face was marked with a "0," the roll wasof course a double-zero, or one hundred.  "
Well, you do now!" shetold him.     Jimmy slapped his palm over his face.     "Sure; your intelligen
ce, wisdom, _and_ charisma just wentup, remember?"  Ridiculous Sword rolled again.  "Another 00.  17
2psionic strength," she rolled yet again, "All attack . . ."another roll ". . . and defense modes, a
nd . . ." yet a fifthroll of the crystalline, loaded percentile dice ". . . four minorand two major 
psionic disciplines."     Jimmy didn't bother to uncover his eyes.  He just shook hishead.     "Okay
, for now, your psionic devotions are invisibility,cell adjustment, domination, and reduction, and y
our psionicsciences are energy control and probability travel; but you'llget more powers once we get
 you in touch with some spheres ofannihilation."     "Why me?" Jimmy moaned.                        
        #     They eventually made it back onto the prime material plane -- thanks to a whole lot of
 complaining on Jimmy's part -- andwalked the rest of the way to his old house.  Ridiculous Swordwen
t in and turned the place inside out in three minutes flat.     "I found seven silver pieces and thr
ee coppers in loosechange," she said, "But that's all your parents had lyingaround."     "Of course,
" Jimmy replied, "Rents are cheap around here."     Ridiculous Sword put her fists to her hips.  "Re
nt hasn'tbeen invented yet."     "Oh yeah, I forgot.  Well, we were just meager serf-typevillage fol
k who earned a poor but honest living."     "Oh, _give_ it _up_.  You didn't even have a single elec
trumpiece stashed under the mattress.  In fact, you didn't even havea mattress."     "Well . . . I l
ike hay.  It feels comfortable.  (Except whenit makes me sneeze.)"     "It also makes you smell like
 a farm animal."     "Everybody around here smells like a farm animal.  Soaphasn't been invented yet
 either, remember?"     Ridiculous Sword relaxed her posture.  "Oh yeah.  Sorry. I'm only intelligen
ce 19, you know."     "So you've ransacked my house and come out saying thateverything me and my fam
ily have ever owned is useless to me now. So what?"     "_So_ . . . now we have to get you a better 
place to stay. How would you like to come live at my late mother's keep for awhile?"     "Really?!  
Wow, that'd be neat!"     'Whoo, can this boy's mood change fast,' Ridiculous Swordfigured.         
                       #     "This," Ridiculous Sword indicated the updrawn gang-plank infront of th
e small castle, "Is the drawbridge."     "Wow, just like on a real castle!" Jimmy said excitedly. Yo
u would think he had only read about these places and neverseen them or something.     "Hey, D.S.," 
Ridiculous Sword shouted, "Lower the D.B.!"     Disgusting Sword stuck her ethereal head through the
adamantite-reinforced drawbridge, said "Okay," drew her head backin, solidified, and pulled the leve
r marked "down."  Thedrawbridge cranked down across the moat to the sound of clankingadamantite chai
ns.     "And this through here," Ridiculous Sword led Jimmy acrossthe drawbridge, "Is the foyer.  Th
is is where my sister and Ihave placed a rather strong protection from evil spell -- just incase our
 brother or anybody he's in cahoots with decides to visitus."     "Yeah, I kinda figured that from t
he thaumaturgic circleinscribed on the floor."     "There, you wouldn't have known that was a thauma
turgiccircle with your old intelligence of twelve, now would you?"     "As a matter of fact, I saw a
 thaumaturgic circle beingdemonstrated two years ago, and I would have recognized itanyway.  Nyaah."
     "And _this_," Ridiculous Sword quickly changed the subject,"Is the room where my mother used to
 sleep.  It'll be your roomfor the time being."     "Um . . ."     "Oh, don't worry, all her magic i
tems've been moved out."     "Um, I'm more worried about her ghost."     Ridiculous Sword lowered he
r head involuntarily.  Her eyesfelt moist.  "If she had a ghost, we could bring her back."     "Oh .
 . ." Jimmy's voice trailed off.  Somehow, heunderstood.  "I'm sorry, I didn't know."     "It's all 
right.  I wish Bahamut hadn't had to follow in herpath, though."     Jimmy gulped hard.  "Bahamut's 
dead too?!"     "As a doornail."     "A platinum doornail!" a voice approached from the otherroom.  
   "Uh, Jimmy," Ridiculous Sword indicated the entering girl,"This is my big sister, Disgusting Swor
d."     "Hey," she put her hands on her hips and addressedRidiculous Sword, "Who's the cutie?"     R
idiculous Sword rolled her eyes up into her head andpointed at the other girl with her thumb.  "She'
s just enteringpuberty."     "Oh," Jimmy replied, "Well, I'm just entering puberty   too. . . ."    
 Disgusting Sword grinned girlishly.     "I found him," Ridiculous Sword insisted, "So he's mine. Ny
aah."     "Oh yeah?" Disgusting Sword retorted.  "Well, _double_nyaah!"     "NYAAH!"     "_NYAAH!_" 
    "_PTTTTTTTTT!_" they both raspberried each other, lockhorned.     "Girls, girls, let's not fight
 over me."  Jimmy grabbedtheir opposing shoulders and tried to tear them apart.  Theywouldn't budge,
 no matter how hard he pulled.  "What gives," hestrained to say, "I thought I had an 18 strength!"  
   "You do," Ridiculous Sword told him without flinching, "Wejust happen to have 25 strength."     "
Oh . . ."     "25 _star_ strength," Disgusting Sword corrected her.     "Anyways, like I was saying,
" Ridiculous Sword said smuglyas she put her arms around Jimmy's neck, "I found him so he'smine now.
"  She pulled up a little closer to him and playfullykissed his cheek.     "EW!" Jimmy wrenched hims
elf away from her.  "I don't wannabe kissed by no _girl!_"  He wiped her smooch off as harshly as he
could.     Disgusting Sword shook her head as she left the room.  "Whata waste of an 18 charisma."  
   Both Ridiculous Sword and Jimmy were silent for some time. Then, Ridiculous Sword said, "Hmmph.  
Looks like we've all gotsome growing up to do."     Jimmy folded his arms.  "Phh, boy, I'll say!  Yo
u two didn'tknow _when_ to quit!"     "Your attitude toward my, er, affections wasn't exactly themos
t mature on Central Earth either, bub."     "Aw, that's just a sissy game."     "Yeah, played by us 
sissy 60th-level weapons masters, sure. And what do _you_ want to be when you grow up?"     "Oh, tha
t's easy.  I wanna be a FIGHTER!"  He thrust theSick Sword through the air again.  "I wanna hack up 
all sorts ofvicious monsters and mount their heads on my wall!  On the wallof my palace, that is -- 
the palace I got by killing thevillainous king that lived in it!  HA!  HACK!  THRUST!  DIE!DIE!!  DI
E!!!"     "Well, I can help train you in that direction, if you'dlike."     "YOU?!  But you're a GIR
L!  And you're not even a fighter,besides!"     "Oh, sure, I'm not a fighter, he says.  I'm only a w
eaponsmistress and a paladin and a ranger!  _Those_ don't count!"     "Oh yeah, that's right, those 
_are_ sub-classes, aren't they?"     "Well, actually, the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom (agenuine Du
ngeon Master{tm} publication) goes back and says that apaladin's actually _not_ a fighter but really
 a sub-class ofcavalier, but it's close enough.  Tell you what, kiddo.  If you_really_ want to get i
nvincible, you ought to be multi-classed;say, a fighter/magic-user, or a fighter/thief, or a fighter
/magic-user/thief, or a cleric/druid/fighter/ranger/weaponsmaster/cavalier/paladin/magic-user/thief/
thief-acrobat/assassinwho'll change to become a bard, or --"     "No!  I'm NOT gonna be a fifteen-cl
assed character!  I wantto be a fighter -- _just_ a fighter!  You got that?"     "Okay, okay, it was
 only a suggestion."     "Hmmph.  I'm surprised it wasn't a suggestion _spell_."     "Oh, believe me
, it was.  You just got lucky and made yoursaving throw."     Jimmy narrowed his gaze and eyed her w
arily.  "You're surewe're on the same side?"                                #     "No, no, don't aim
 for my sword," Ridiculous Swordinstructed, easily deflecting the latest hack of his Sick Sword,"Aim
 for my body!  You're fighting me, not my weapon!"     "But I don't wanna hurt --"     "Don't worry 
about that, kiddo, there's no way you could_really_ hit me.  Just try to, all right?"     "Well, oka
y.  Hyyyyah!"  Jimmy swung his sword out andaround in a wide arc blade-on.  The blade was barely hal
f way toits target when Ridiculous Sword brought her RidiculousBroadsword to within an inch of his l
eft eye.  Jimmy gasped anddropped his blade.     "That maneuver _may_ have worked against someone we
aringplate mail," Ridiculous Sword told him as she slowly moved hersword away.  "Heavy armor'll slow
 down an opponent's reactiontime enough for you to finish blows like that.  But you leftyourself _wi
de_ open for anyone with half an ounce of speed tothrust his rapier through your heart.  Or her broa
dsword throughyour left eye.  Now let's try again."     Jimmy studied the distant mountains for a fe
w long secondsand rubbed his stockinged toes in the grass.  Then, he clearedhis throat.  "Ahem.  _Sw
ord of Sickness, come to my hand_!" hecommanded in Lawful Good.  The adamantite Eternian-looking swo
rdshot up from the ground and landed grip-first in his palm.     "Now, defend yourself!"  Ridiculous
 Sword launched at himwith both her Ridiculous Longsword and her Ridiculous Hand Axebefore her.     
Jimmy was barely able to draw Sick Sword's old +6 dagger ofwounding and parry the adamantite longswo
rd in time.  He was sorelieved at having fended off her sword that he didn't cover hisright side and
 received a nasty run in his shirt from her handaxe.  That made him mad enough to forget about being
 nervous andhack at her with the Sick Sword as hard as he could.  RidiculousSword jerked to one side
 and easily avoided getting hit.     Jimmy didn't get to stay angry for long.  Three secondslater, a
 mere instant in this particular combat system,Ridiculous Sword hacked at him again with her long sw
ord, forcingJimmy to block the blow with all his might.  Adamantite clashedagainst adamantite, then,
 and again, and again, until theirordeal seemed to take on a rhythm of its own.  Every thrust orslas
h Jimmy made, Ridiculous Sword easily curved away; every stabRidiculous Sword took, Jimmy somehow ma
naged to parry or avoid. Sure, she was holding back, but she wasn't making this a picnicfor him.    
 Finally, after four long minutes of fruitless exchange,Jimmy backed up a few feet, loosed the Sick 
Sword to dance, anddrew Sick Sword's old +5 broadsword to attack with.  RidiculousSword shrugged, se
nt her Ridiculous Longsword dancing into theair to deal with the Sick Sword, and flashed the Ridicul
ousBroadsword into her right hand in the blink of an eye.  She alsolet her Ridiculous Hand Axe dance
 after Jimmy.     "Hey, that's not fair!" Jimmy complained, desperatelyfending off the adamantite ax
e.  "My dagger doesn't dance!"     "True, but who's to say your next opponent won't have a +6holy vo
rpal defender frost-brand flame-tongue sun luckblade handaxe of wounding, dancing, life stealing, sl
aying everything,disruption, throwing, thunderbolts, all dragon slaying, speed,final word, and nine 
lives stealing with intelligence 17, speechand telepathy, read languages and magic, ten non-alignmen
tlanguages, eight extraordinary powers, eight special purposes,seven artifact minor benign powers, t
welve major benign powers,and limited omniscience in one hand and a nearly-identical swordin the oth
er?"     The instant she said "other," Jimmy found his opening,ducked under the hand axe, and came a
t her at full tilt.  She sawhis sword hack coming a mile away; it would be easy enough toparr--     
Jimmy's +5 broadsword came within three inches of her rightside, jerked over, and thrust right below
 her left ribcage. Surprised, Ridiculous Sword reached down to the sheath on herleft boot, pulled ou
t her Ridiculous Dagger, intercepted Jimmy'sthrust, and sent his sword reeling two hundred feet thro
ugh theair to land, point-first, on the center of a target painted on arock.     "Amazing!" Ridiculo
us Sword told him, lowering her dagger. "I haven't seen a feint like that in weeks!  You're real fig
htermaterial, Jimbo."     "Really?  You mean I can be a real honest-to-gosh fighternow?"     "That's
 right, Jimmy.  You've passed the test."     "Oh, wow!  Neat!  I . . . I . . ."     Jimmy's voice ch
oked off as he shook and fell to his knees. Something was wrong inside him, something was definitely
 wrong. He felt his stomach convulse and he doubled over.  Every muscle,every fiber, every epidermal
 fragment of his body rumbled like itwas about to explode.  He pressed his palms into his throbbingt
emples.  "Wha . . . what's happening?!?"     Ridiculous Sword fished two baubles out of her pocket a
ndhanded them to Jimmy.  "Here, quick, roll these!"     "Okay," Jimmy strained, barely able to hold 
on to theobjects.  "If it'll stop this."  He tossed them.  They rolledalong the ground and tumbled t
o a stop.     Jimmy gasped and yelled, "It got worse!  HEEEEEEELLP!"     He looked down at his spasm
odic arms.  What looked likebubbles underneath the skin stretched it completely out ofproportion.  H
e could hear muscle and tendon fibers rapidlysnapping and reforming like cracking celery.  It wasn't
 a tenthas uncomfortable as it was horrifying.  "WHAT'S HAPPENING TOME?!!"     "You just became a fi
ghter," Ridiculous Sword explained,"With an 18 strength.  Fighters with 18 strengths get to roll for
exceptional strength.  I gave you those double-zero dice to rolljust to be sure you got as strong as
 an ogre."     "You . . . what . . . ?!?"     And just as suddenly as the transformation had begun, 
itceased.  Jimmy's skin came out toughened and weathered (althoughit was still 18 charisma skin).  M
uscles bulged from his bodywhere he didn't know half-elves could _have_ muscles.  The greatphantom c
haracter sheet in the sky told him that he had the full14 hit points.  He felt like vomiting.     Ri
diculous Sword approached him and put her arm around hisshoulders.  She looked into his eyes, and sa
id, "Welcome to levelone."                                #     Peter Perfect stopped scanning with 
his eyes of the eaglefrom his warhorse's saddle.  Across about a mile of dry lakebed,he'd seen what 
he was hoping for.     "Well well well," he told his horse and his holy sword, "Itlooks like Ringman
's decided to face me on my own turf.  We'llsee how well he handles himself without a magic ballista
!"     He put his funny glasses away, held Prometheus in his righthand and the warhorse's reins in h
is left, and with a tiny joltinstructed the horse to trot toward the approaching Ringman.  Hesurveye
d the landscape one more time: absolutely flat, not a treeor a bush or a rock or a dumb old human to
 mar the expanse ofbarrenness.  This place had his name written all over it; nothingwas quite so imp
ressive as his castle jutting up from the centerof all this nothingness.     It also gave Ringman an
d any goody-two-shoes cohorts hemight happen to be carrying along with him nowhere to hide.  Liketha
t brownie Peter saw riding on his shoulder.  Yeah, he figuredas he rode closer, maybe he'd capture t
he brownie and torture itjust to see what Ringman would do.  Or maybe he'd torture Ringmanto see wha
t the brownie would do.  Or perhaps he'd tortureRingman _and_ the brownie to see what Ringman's hors
e would do.     Ringman rode up toward him on his own horse, unusuallyconfident for being about to f
ace his old nemesis.  Homer thebrownie rode on his left shoulder, meteorite-iron steel platebarding 
rode almost weightlessly over the warhorse's body, andRingman's holy avenger rode in its scabbard ra
ther than in hishand.  He flinched as Peter Perfect shot him a sinister grin, butquickly recuperated
.  He also noticed that Peter Perfect hadprobably been reading the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom; he
'dtraded in the gauntlets and chausses of his +5 adamantite-alloyedplate mail for +6 pure-adamantite
-metal full plate armor.     Their horses trotted toward each other until they werepractically nose 
to nose.     "Well, Ringman, old buddy, old pal," Peter Perfect chided,"What brings you to my realm 
of dread?"     'How can the Dungeon Master let this guy stay a paladin?!'Ringman thought.  "I've com
e here to settle a grudge that's morethan a decade old," he told him.     "Oh?" Peter Perfect asked 
sarcastically.  "And what grudgemight that be, hmm?"     Ringman shook his head and grinned a bit.  
"You and me, youdisgrace to paladinhood, you and I.  So long as you stay the wayyou are right now, I
'm ashamed to share your character class."     "Oh, I see.  So you've finally come to die."  Peter c
rackedhis knuckles.     "No," Ringman replied quite calmly, "I've come to bring youdown."     The be
ardless paladin chuckled through his nose.  "You mustbe joking.  You?  Alone?!"     "Ah, but I'm _no
t_ alone," Ringman observed.  "I've brought afriend."     "Pphhh, what, the late Sick Sword's little
 brownie?"     "Homer, sure, I brought him."     A flurry of scintillating dust grains wafted away f
rom aspot two feet to the left of Ringman's horse.  As the windcarried the dust away from what it ha
d been obscuring -- orrather concealing --  there resolved the form of a ten-and-a-halfyear old girl
 with an adamantite dagger in her left hand and anadamantite broadsword in her right.     "I also br
ought along my first born," Ringman explained.     "<gulp>," gulped Peter Perfect.  "D-D-D-Disgustin
g Sword! You?  Here?  How!?  What?"     Like a lightning bolt that had drunken a permanent potion of
speed at 150% effectiveness, Disgusting Sword bolted up ontoPeter's saddle and stuck a +6 holy vorpa
l dagger of wounding,dancing, life stealing, and nine lives stealing in front of hisface.  "Hello, P
eter Perfect," she grinned, "I've wanted to meetyou for _so_ long."     Peter Perfect shook with fea
r, even though paladins wereimmune to fear by then, then dismounted his horse as fast as hecould wit
hout speaking a word.  Disgusting Sword got down too andzipped around in front of him again.     "He
y," Peter said, "W-w-wait a minute.  I'm a DisgustingCharacter too.  I've got rights, y'know.  And b
esides, I'm armorclass -23; you couldn't hit me by rolling anything less than anatural twenty."     
"You can't fool me that easily, you weak boson.  I readDragon and Dragrace, too.  The Dungeon Master
 relinquished thatnatural-20-only-no-matter-how-many-to-hit-bonuses-you-haverestriction long ago."  
   "Ah, b-b-but then I can hit _you_, too."  Peter heldPrometheus defensively in front of him.  It s
hook in his handlike a divining rod.     "Of course you can hit me too; I'm only A.C. negativetwenty
-seven.  But I have nearly four times as many hit points asyou do, and I'm part weapons mistress.  I
 could tear you apart intwo seg-- er, twelve seconds."     'Hey, baby,' a telepathic message wafted 
into DisgustingSword's head from Prometheus, 'How'd you like to use a real machoholy longsword?'    
 'BACK OFF, BUDDY,' the Disgusting Dagger repliedtelepathically to the sword, 'SHE'S WITH ME.'  Prom
etheus was thefirst intelligent sword on Central Earth in centuries to visiblycringe.     "Um . . ."
 Peter Perfect began, "Um . . . uh . . ."     "Surrender or die," Disgusting Sword offered.     "Sur
render!" Peter Perfect yelped.  Prometheus fell to theground as his hands shot into the air.  'Whew,
' he thought, 'Gladshe made it easy on me to decide.'     Disgusting Sword shrugged and said, "Good.
"  She snapped herfingers; Peter's warhorse obeyed blindly and sank to its knees. There was nothing 
quite like a permanent potion of animal controlat 150% effectiveness.  Peter Perfect had one of thos
e, too, buthe thought better of using it at this point.     "Now, the first thing we take off of you
r body --" shhhhink,she exposed Peter's woolen undies, "-- is this Invulnerable Coatof Arnd.  Here, 
dad, keep this warm for me, will ya?"  She tossedit to Ringman.     "Do I have a choice?" he replied
, fumbling the chain shirtwith his mere 17 dexterity.     'Hmmph,' Peter thought, 'It's a good thing
 I dragged thetorso and groin plates from that +6 full plate along for justsuch an occasion.'     "N
ext --" she took off his belt "-- goes your girdle oftitan strength.  Here, Ringman, why don'tcha pu
t this on?"     Ringman caught it while still holding on to Arnd'sinvulnerable coat.  "I thought we 
went through why I won't putthis on before."     'Hah, those fools,' Peter thought, 'Little do they 
realizethat I have a permanent potion of titan strength in effect onme!'     "And don't try to get a
way by using that permanent potion oftitan strength you have in effect on you," Disgusting Swordwarn
ed him.  "I have Atlas strength."     "Um, what's --" Ringman began.     "Atlas has 25-star strength
," the brownie whispered in hisear.     "And finally, we take away each and every item on yourperson
 that increases your saving throw versus magic. . . ." Disgusting Sword took away his +4 cloak of pr
otection, his +3-in-a-5-foot-radius ring of protection (although why Peter Perfectwould want to prot
ect anyone but himself was beyond her), hisstone of good luck, his luck blade longsword, his scarab 
ofprotection, and his Axe of the Dwarvish Lords, then dispelled theprotection from good spell he'd h
ad permanently placed upon him. She bared her archmagi robe.  ". . . and cast a charm personspell on
 you."     She waved her hands through the air, stuck her two indexfingers up her nose, and cried, "
Oolam caloophid baeower gazots /Diddlysquat barnstorm hotten and tots, / If I don't charm you Ithink
 I'll just cry / So be under my power or you'll have todie!"     There was a tremendous crash of thu
nder as waves of magicalforce cascaded down from the positive material plane, throughDisgusting Swor
d, and into Peter Perfect's head.  Ghostly voicesrose up from all around to help control Peter's min
d.  Her robeof the archmagi shone an awesome white.  It was overwhelming.     And then, nothing happ
ened.     "Oh well," she said, "Looks like he made his saving throw. He had a 5 or better chance of 
making it anyway."     "So now what do you do?" Ringman asked.     "Easy.  I'll just cast it a few m
ore times until he blowsit."  She did.  Two tries later, he was as harmless as a 20th-level paladin 
kitten.  Heck, she didn't even have to use herpermanent potion of elf, half-elf, and human control. 
    "Yes-master," Peter addressed Disgusting Sword in amonotone, his arms jutting out in front of hi
m, "What-may-I-do-for-you?"     "Get on your horse," she directed him, "And ride off to SickSword's 
old keep.  You do know where that is, don't you?"     "Of-course-I-do.  I-have-been-there-before."  
   "Oh?  And when was that?"     "When-I-seduced-Sick-Sword-and-injected-Tiamat's-evil-seed-into-her
-womb."     "When you . . . you . . . what?!"  She was completelysurprised.  (She could even be atta
cked using six secondintervals as minutes right then.)     "I -- I thought you knew," Ringman said. 
    "Sure," Peter continued, zombie-like.  "That-was-when-she-was-pregnant-with-Gross-Sword."     Di
sgusting Sword just sat there with her mouth open.  Ittook her twelve seconds to finally say, "We've
 got to get thisback to Ridiculous Sword."     "Right," Ringman answered, and gave his horse a littl
e snapon the reins.  He started trotting off with Peter Perfect and hiswarhorse following close behi
nd.     "Oh, and in the mean time," Disgusting Sword told Ringman,"You might want to replace the mai
n section of your plate mailwith the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd."                                #   
  Ridiculous Sword heard them entering through the keep'sdrawbridge (Disgusting Sword usually lowere
d it by using herunseen servant) and saw them through the open door of her room. "Oh, hi D.S.," she 
said, taking her hands out of Jimmy's pants. "You're right, puberty's lots of fun!"     Disgusting S
word stepped aside and pulled Peter Perfect intoRidiculous Sword's view from behind Ringman.  Peter'
s arms werestill out stiff in front of him.  "R.S., we have to talk."     Ridiculous Sword puzzled a
t the charmed paladin in front ofher.  Fiddling with her medallion of ESP, she had the answer insix 
seconds.  "So this is Peter Perfect, eh?  Um, why'd you takehim out of The Dungeon?"     "We didn't 
take him out," Disgusting Sword told her.  "Heescaped over nine years ago."     "Nine . . . ye . . .
"     Disgusting Sword shrugged.  "I didn't even hear about ituntil this morning.  It's a good thing
 dad decided to mention itto me."     "Like I said," Ringman explained, "I thought you knew!"     "A
nd . . . what's he been doing for those nine-plus years?"     Disgusting Sword nudged Peter Perfect 
with her elbow.  "Tellher what you told me."     "You-mean-about-how-I-made-a-deal-with-Tiamat-to-in
ject-a-seed-of-evil-into-Sick-Sword's-womb-while-she-was-pregnant-with-Gross-Sword?"     Ridiculous 
Sword's jaw just about dropped to the floor.     "Yes, that's it," Disgusting Sword told him.     "I
-made-a-deal-with-Tiamat-to-inject-a-seed-of-evil-into-Sick-Sword's-womb-while-she-was-pregnant-with
-Gross-Sword," Petertold them.     "That's what I thought he said," Jimmy commented.     "So that me
ans," Ridiculous Sword figured, "Gross Sword wasdrawn toward evil by an outside agent.  It _wasn't_ 
all mom'sfault!  I _knew_ it!"     "Why did you make such a deal," Disgusting Sword asked theclean-s
haven mind-controlled paladin.     "It-was-in-our-mutual-interests.  Tiamat-got-to-spread-evil-all-o
ver-the-multiverse-and-I-got-to-have-my-revenge-against-the-woman-who-destroyed-the-IUDC.  And-her-h
usband."     "And how did you manage to keep your paladinhood?" Jimmyasked.     'Silly question,' Ri
ngman thought.     "Silly-question," Peter bleated.  "I-did-it-for-the-sake-of-perpetuating-my-ideal
-of-lawful-goodness."     "Which is?"     "Live-and-let-live . . . unless-you-don't-agree-with-them.
"     "Say, Ringman," a voice from Peter Perfect's side cut in. It was Prometheus.  "Since my master
 is in no shape to killanything, how's about you and me teaming up again?"     Ringman put his fists
 to his hips.  "Why Prometheus, what a_wonderful_ fair-weather friend you are!"  He pointed out then
earest glassee spell -- er, window.  "See that pool over there? Well, it's really fresh water, and a
 quick dip now might berefreshing!"     "You sure you don't want me?" the holy avenger pleaded. "I'm
 +6 now!"     "And how did you manage that?"     "Easy.  Peter Perfect just shucked out the 20 000 e
xtra goldpieces and had me upgraded."     "Go disappear in a puff of logic," Ringman cursed it.     
"Fine," the holy avenger replied, "I'll take that as a nofor now."     "Hmmph," Disgusting Sword not
ed.  "If Prometheus were anartifact I'd give it the humble ant treatment."     Ridiculous Sword tota
lly ignored their sidetrack.  She wastoo deep in thought about the nine-year-old news she'd justrece
ived.  "How many times have I been in conference with thegods?  How many times have I asked my conta
ct-other-plane orvision spells if there's anything unusual going on?"  She readRingman's mind briefl
y.  "Limbo, even Melnic the Loud's barduniversity knew about what Peter did to mom!  Why did everybo
dykeep it a secret?!"     "Hey," Jimmy perked up, "Maybe there was a conspiracy goingon against you!
"     "What makes you say that?" Disgusting Sword asked.     "'Cause then you could go out and find 
the conspirators andHACK THEM TO PIECES!  Wham!  Wham!  Die, die, die!"     Ridiculous Sword waved h
is gestures aside.  "No, God II damnit, there has to be a reason!  In the months that I've been adis
gusting character I've contacted just about every deity knownto man and humanoid, good, evil, lawful
, chaotic, or otherwise. Supreme beings who hate each other don't just conspire towithhold informati
on from the most powerful force of lawful goodin the multiverse!"     "Or the second most powerful f
orce of lawful good in themultiverse," Disgusting Sword interjected.     "Just the same, we should h
ave heard _something_ about it! Hmmmm, I wonder . . . the fact that we _didn't_ know gave GrossSword
 time to be able to do all the sick, disgusting, gross,ridiculous, unbelievable things he's done wit
hout our butting inuntil it was too late.  Some greater force out there _wanted_Gross Sword to get t
o my power level.  Maybe if we knew moreabout why, we could find out how to bring our dear 3/4-broth
erdown."     Jimmy puzzled.  "But if the gods won't talk to you --"     "The Happy Hunting Grounds t
he gods won't talk to me!" Ridiculous Sword stammered.  "I'll _make_ them talk!"     And without ano
ther word, the most powerful force of lawfulgood in the multiverse amulet-of-the-planesed out of the
re.                                #     She emerged on the plane of Gladsheim.  This was the outerp
lane of chaotic good neutrals and, like most of the outerplanes, was multi-layered.  The first level
 of Gladsheim, and theonly level touching the astral plane, was named Asgard; thesecond, which house
d the dead warrior heroes brought there by thevalkyries (along with a few fire giants), was named Mu
spelheim;and the third, where the Norse gods reigned, was namedNidavellir.  Unlike the other outer p
lanes, the three layers ofGladsheim were connected to each other by two rainbow bridges. Ridiculous 
Sword approached the first bridge.     A very large, flaming battle axe came down and blocked herpat
h.  "Halt!" the axe's owner demanded, showing off his goldteeth, "Who goes there?!"     "Oh, come on
 Heimdall, don'tcha recognize me?"     Heimdall gulped.  "Ridiculous Sword?  Wh-wh-what do you wanth
ere?"     "I want to go to Nidavellir and see ol' papa smurf."     Heimdall cleared his throat threa
teningly.  "No one aslawful as yourself may cross this rainbow bridge without firstcrossing Heimdall
!"     "Now really, do you think a wimpy +3 battle axe like thatone is going to stand a chance again
st me?"     "How did you know my axe was +3?"     "Easy, it's the strongest kind of battle axe the O
ther Bookof Infinite Wisdom lists on its miscellaneous magic weaponstables.  Now let me in."     "No
!"     Ridiculous Sword blinked her eyes and dimension doored tothe other side of the bridge.  "Look
s like you don't have muchchoice in the matter," she shouted back to him, and departedforty-two seco
nds later.     The rainbow bridge leading from Muspelheim to Nidavellirdidn't have any picky old gua
rd on it, so she didn't botherwasting one of her 399 remaining fourth-level spells on it. However, t
here was a god on the other side with long blond hairand a great big magic war hammer in his hands, 
wearing gauntletsof ogre power and a girdle of giant strength, riding on a chariotdrawn by two train
ed attack goats, who was spouting curses ather.     "Odds and forsooth!" the blond-haired god thunde
red, "Iknowest not how ye managed to pass by Heimdall at yon BifroestBridge, but ye had better get t
hine buns back to where thoucamest from or know the wrath of my magick war hammer ofthunderbolts, Mj
olnir!"     "I don't think Clerasil would like you using his hammer,"Ridiculous Sword pointed out.  
   "You dare to mock the God of Thunder?!  Eateth hot lightningbolts, lawful slime!"  He pointed his
 Mjolnir at Ridiculous Swordand pulled the trigger.     She made her saving throw (that is, she didn
't roll a "1")and easily jutted her hips to one side.  The bolt missed her.     "So, thou thinkest t
hou canst escapeth my wrath just becausethou art a monk and taketh no damage from an attack if thou 
makstthy saving throw!  Well, that'll not save thee from Mjolnir'sadamantite-alloyed steel head!"   
  The thunder god cocked back his right arm and swung hishammer a mighty blow.  Ridiculous Sword dre
w her two mainweapons, parried Mjolnir with her Ridiculous Hand Axe, and juttedthe Ridiculous Broads
word to within a mil of the blond god'sneck.  "That wasn't very polite," she told him.     "Um, er, 
uh -- phhh," the God of Thunder groped for words ashe blew some blond hair out of his face.     Ridi
culous Sword took the sword away.  "Thank you," shesaid, and walked over toward Odin's Place at a le
isurely 2560feet per second.     Odin's Place had a colossal pink neon sign over thedrawbridge that 
read, "By invitation only."  Ridiculous Sword gotout a little piece of fleece, ground it between her
 25* strengthpalms, blew the fleece dust at the sign, and chanted the ancientmystical words, "Perman
ent illusion!"  That being done, she leaptover the moat and smashed through the adamantite-reinforce
ddrawbridge.     Odin turned from his wife Frigga, with whom he was having adreadful argument, and s
houted, "Who dares smash a human-shapedhole through my drawbridge?!!"     Ridiculous Sword snapped h
er fingers and centered acontinual light spell two feet above her head.  "Me."     "And who art thou
?"     "Ridiculous Sword, the most powerful force of lawful good inthe multiverse."     Odin was fur
ious.  "I didn't invite you!"     "Take another look at your sign."     Odin peered through the wind
ow at the pink glowing letters. Sure enough, the sign now read, "By invitation only unless yourname 
happens to be Ridiculous Sword."     "Upstarts and robes!" Odin cursed.  "I'll show thee who'sboss i
n Gladsheim!"  He walked over to one wall of the chamberand grabbed on to a cross-brace several feet
 across which had abarrel glued to it.  He pulled.  The cross-brace moved slowlyaway from the wall a
nd exposed more and more of a thick sheet ofpolished metal.  The sheet was long and narrow and had s
harpedges.  It was about ten feet out of the wall before RidiculousSword realized that the cross-bra
ce was actually a hilt, thebarrel was actually a grip, and the sheet of metal was actuallythe blade 
to the biggest sword she had ever seen, bar none.     When Odin finally finished drawing his sword f
rom the wall,it was about twenty-five feet long and must have weighed wellover half a ton.     "What
's that," Ridiculous Sword asked, "A twelve-handedsword?"     "Avast ye, yon varlet, hast thou not h
eard of theOdinsword?!"     "I thought you normally used Gungnir, the spear with thenever-ceasing th
rust."     "A man can only keep thrusting for so long, thou knowst; andbesides, if I use the Odinswo
rd I can do more damage that way!"     Odin swooshed the gigantic sword around the room atRidiculous
 Sword.  As she ducked, Ridiculous Sword wondered if_that_ sword shouldn't have been named after her
; she hadn't thefoggiest idea how Odin kept it balanced.  The first sword hackwhooshed harmlessly ov
er her head and nearly hit Frigga, whomOdin may have been aiming at as well for all she knew.     It
 would take Odin about two minutes to finish followingthrough on that swing and hack at them again i
n the oppositedirection; that would be more than enough time for RidiculousSword to do her thing.  S
he rushed up to Odin the Head God,grabbed the Odinsword out of his hands, broke it in two acrossher 
leg, slapped him harshly on the wrist, shook her finger athim, and declared, "Tch tch tch, naughty b
oy, didn't your motherever tell you not to play with knives?"     And with that, both Odin and Frigg
a fainted.     Ridiculous Sword had Odin back on his feet within eighteenseconds.  "Now tell me," sh
e demanded, "Why didn't you tell meabout Peter Perfect's pact with Tiamat to taint the baby in SickS
word's womb?"     Odin shrugged.  "D-D-D-Dungeon Master's orders!  No tellingthe player characters a
nything about Peter Perfect.  Honest,that's all I know!"     Ridiculous Sword stared him warily in t
he eye and cast adetect lie spell on him.  The green spot over his head meant thathe was telling the
 truth.  She sighed.  "I guess I'll have to trysome other outer planes then.  But one more question:
 just whatin the universe is a player character?"                                #     And try some 
other outer planes she did.  Olympus was likeGladsheim all over again, what with Zeus, Hera, and Are
s beingdead ringers for Odin, Frigga, and Thor; it was also as fruitlessas the Norse plane.  She thr
ottled a few greater devils she foundrunning around in Acheron, but they only gave her the same sobs
tory.  On the Happy Hunting Grounds it seemed that the only wordthe natives knew how to speak was "H
ow."  She broke some of theinhabitants of Nirvana out of their meditative stupors and lookedinto the
ir minds, but all that got her were pictures of the backwalls of their skulls.  The boss, tyrant, ki
ng, and queen of theelemental planes of earth, fire, water, and air were likewiseuninformed.  Even g
oing up into the face of God II, her own deityon the seventh layer of Heaven, only got her a mild su
ntan.     She materialized on the keep floor and rested her head onher hands.     Ringman turned to 
his newly-reappearing daughter with nomore feeling than if she'd just come back from going into town
. He was almost used to this kind of stuff by now.  "How'd it go?"he asked.     Ridiculous Sword _co
uld_ have just said, "I learnedabsolutely nothing," and been done with it, but instead she firedup h
er telepathic projection and compressed every detail of thelast two hours into a six-second-long bea
m aimed at Ringman'scerebral cortex.  Ringman got the message, all right, in a veryforceful way.    
 "Wow," he said.     "Not used to seeing things through the eyes of your ten-year-old daughter, eh?"
 Ridiculous Sword asked him.     "Not in the slightest.  I'm also not exactly used to seeingthings t
hrough the eyes of a disgusting character."     "Say, speaking of disgusting characters, have you re
ad thenew paladin rules in the Other Book of Infinite Wisdom?"     "In the _Other_ Book of Infinite 
Wisdom?" Ringman inquired.     "Sure, you know, the one with the picture of the brass-headed alchemi
st looking googoo-eyed at a tome on the frontcover."     "Um, is this something I'm supposed to know
 about?"     "It's _only_ the official upgrade to both the Book ofInfinite Wisdom _and_ the Book of 
Finite Wisdom as authorized bythe Dungeon Master."     "Oh.  No, I haven't seen the upgraded paladin
 rules."     "Well then," Ridiculous Sword smiled, hauling out her copy. "For starters, you're no lo
nger a sub-class of fighters.  You'renow a sub-class of this other class called a cavalier.  And sin
cecavaliers don't have any prime requisite, you don't get any 10%experience point bonuses anymore." 
    "Oh," Ringman worried.  He checked his tally.  "No problem;I'm still ninth level with fifty-five
 thousand points to spare."     "You also get to train your strength, dexterity,constitution, and ch
arisma every time you gain a level untilthey're all 18's (or 18/00's); are immune to fear; project a
protection from fear aura in a 10 foot radius; can vault into thesaddle and have your horse underway
 in six seconds flat; rideyour horse at 20 yards per minute faster than normal, notcounting horsesho
es of speed; remain conscious all the way downto negative however many hit points you had at first l
evel; have90% immunity to any mental magic, including a psionic blast; and,since you're ninth level,
 are at +2 to hit and +9 to damage withmounted lance and +1 to hit with long sword."     Ringman gap
ed.  "You mean, I have this globe of anti-fearemanating from my body --" the air within ten feet of 
himsuddenly glowed a dim grey; "-- can hit better with my holy sword--" he could almost feel his hac
k and thrust improve; "-- and bynow would have maxed out on my dexterity --" his new and improvedner
ve endings gave him a buzz; "-- my constitution --" his torsobulged out to accommodate the extra 9 h
it points; "-- my now_full_ ogre strength --" his musculature broadened and toughened;"-- and my cha
risma --" a phantom breeze swept his hair back in agentle rolling curve; "-- all because somebody de
cided to changethe rules again?"     "You bet!  I keep my mind's eye peeled for those kinds ofthings
 all the time.  Heck, I wouldn't even have gotten thatextra fifth level druid spell, those two extra
 sixth level druidspells, or those three extra seventh level druid spells if Ihadn't heard that drui
ds can now go all the way to 15th level andbecome the Grand Druid; in fact, they can go all the way 
to 23rdlevel as a Hierophant and get all sorts of neat interplanarpowers."     "Although you get to 
cast six more levels worth of druidspells if you stay a Grand Druid!" Disgusting Sword called outfro
m the next room.     "And not only that," she whipped a magazine out of one ofher portable holes, "T
he special Other Book of Infinite Wisdomsupplementary issue of Dragon & Dragrace says that weaponsma
sters can specialize or double specialize in a single meleeweapon just like fighters and rangers can
.  They get theirnumber-of-attacks-per-minute entry shifted to the next bettercategory with this wea
pon, and get +1 to hit and +2 to damagewith it -- +3 to-hit and damage if they double specialize.  A
ndof course these to-hit bonuses add into their armor class whenthey're actively parrying just like 
all their other hundred or sobonuses do."     "Oh, wow.  So now you're even more disgusting, is that
right?"     "Hey, I get 15 attacks per minute with any of my Ridiculousweapons -- 18 per minute with
 my Ridiculous Hand Axe, which Iretroactively double specialized in.  I also retroactively gavethe A
xe some powers from the new magic weapons they have inthere.  Even the new +6 Prometheus is an offic
ial weapon typesince they added +6 defenders and holy avengers to the magicswords tables.  See this?
"  She whipped out an ordinary-lookingspoon.  "This ordinary-looking spoon is a spoon of stirring. S
tir any potion with it and if you're _real_ lucky, the potioncomes out at _twice_ normal strength.  
Not just 150%effectiveness, twice normal strength.  Oh, and I almost forgot,you have another charact
er ability to worry about now:comeliness."     "Comeliness?  What's that, the chance I have of co--"
     "Er, no no no no no; comeliness is how good looking you are. Hey, Disgusting Sword," she called
 out, "How many dice doesRingman get to roll up his comeliness with?"     Disgusting Sword walked in
 carrying her personal copy of theOther Book of Infinite Wisdom.  She flipped to page 74.  "Um,well,
 since his other six abilities are already rolled up, either4d6 discarding the lowest die or 3d6 six
 times choosing the bestroll of the six."  She looked up at Ringman.  "Too bad, you'd getto roll 5d6
 and discard the lowest two dice if you were a purecavalier."     Ridiculous Sword took out four dic
e and rolled them acrossthe floor.  They came up 6, 6, 2, and 1.  "Fourteen," she toldhim, "Plus 3 f
or having a charisma of 18 makes 17 comeliness. Darn, you just missed the next higher category of at
tractiveness;but you're pretty good-looking, though."     Ringman glanced at his distorted reflectio
n in the arm ofhis +5 plate mail; then he looked back at them in disbelief.  "Idon't look a damn bit
 different!" he insisted.  "Do you mean thatif you had rolled four 1's my comeliness would be a . . 
. let'ssee, a . . . five --"     "Six," Ridiculous Sword corrected him.     "Okay, a six, and that I
 would suddenly become homely?"     "No, if I'd rolled four 1's I'd have rolled it over."     "But t
hat's cheating!"     "No it isn't; it's good business practice."     Ringman grumbled slightly.  Chi
valry was fast becoming afour-letter word.  "Well, at least I'm not excessively goodlooking.  Um, wh
at would happen to me if I were in that nextcomeliness category?"     "If you were in the 18 to 21 r
ange, you'd fascinatepractically every woman you met and be the envy of most ordinary-looking males.
  As it is, though, you're just plain old run-of-the-mill good-looking."     'Fascinate practically 
every woman I met,' Ringman thought,'And I missed it by one.  Hmm, I wonder if any of them couldmeas
ure up to Sick Sword?'     "Oh, geez, I almost forgot," Ridiculous Sword expounded. "You got a coupl
e more cavalier restrictions besides your normalpaladin ones."     "More restrictions, oh great.  Wh
at do I have to give upnow?"     "Well, first off, you _have_ to take a lance as your firstweapon of
 proficiency."     "But I don't even have a lance!"     "You do now."     Ringman searched his memor
y.  He _did_ remember a lance beingstashed in one niche of his castle, although he couldn't remember
having put it there or even having remembered it before.  "Oh,all right, I'll give up weapons famili
arity with that lightcrossbow of mine.  I never use it anyway."     "And you have to prefer a dagger
 over a hand axe."     "Don't tell me."  Ringman looked at the loop in his beltwhere his +3 hand axe
 used to be.  In its place was a +4 daggerof throwing.  He wondered briefly why it wasn't his old +2
 daggerthat was +3 only against larger-than-man-sized opponents, untilhe remembered that the Other B
ook of Infinite Wisdom had createda few more miscellaneous magic weapons since then.  He had noidea 
where the 1500 gold piece price difference between a +3 handaxe and the cheaper +4 throwing dagger h
ad gone.      "_And_ . . . you have to choose full or field plate armorover plate mail, even if the 
plate armor is non-magical."     "What?!" Ringman gasped.  He snatched the book fromRidiculous Sword
's hands and read the cavalier entry.  After hiseyes bugged out at what it said, he flipped over to 
thedescription of new armor types.  He read to himself for a fewseconds, then looked up in dismay.  
"My deity!  They want me toreplace _this_, this perfectly gallant-looking armor of adamantitealloyed
 plate mail, with a tin suit that actually becomes onearmor class _worse_ if it absorbs too much dam
age?!"     Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword nodded in unison. "That's right."     Ringman could
 feel the arms and legs of his armor vibrating. Ringman had a good idea of what was about to happen.
  "Oh, no,"he cursed, covering his face with his hands, "Not again."  Hetook his hands away and gaze
d skyward.  "All right, get it overwith!"     By the time he looked back down six seconds later, eve
rypiece of plate mail on his body had become a mithral-alloyedpiece of full plate armor.     "Mithra
l alloyed?" Ringman asked.  "But that's only +4."     "Only plus four, he says!" Ridiculous Sword sn
ickered. "This coming from the man who absolutely refuses to wear a girdleof titan strength?"     "B
ut doesn't mithral-alloyed full plate armor cost muchogold pieces?"     "You got a discount from not
 getting the full suit.  And1500 gold pieces worth of credit from exchanging your hand axe. Besides,
" she turned a small fragment of a million-gold-piece gemto the light, "We covered the difference." 
    "And anyways," Disgusting Sword noted, "With +4 full plate,after it absorbs its 90-damage-point 
limit, you'll be exactly thesame armor class you were in +5 plate mail."     Ridiculous Sword shrugg
ed.  "We could have got you +6 pureadamantite full plate, but that wasn't on the treasure list inthe
 Other Book of Infinite Wisdom, and we _know_ how you can'tstand to bend the rules."     "Oh, _thank
_ you _ever_ so much for sparing me theembarrassment!  I think I'll go take a bath in Crysglass lake
 nowfor a year or two to see if mithral alloyed steel can rust."     "Awh, don't be so sore.  Just t
hink: now you can stayconscious all the way down to -16 hit points."     Ringman did a double-take. 
 "But I only had 13 hit points atfirst level."     "Not any more you didn't.  You get a d10 _plus_ t
hree hitpoints at level one, in addition to your constitution bonus."     "Oh, but then I should hav
e had 17 hit points at 1st level,because my constitution just went up to 18."     "No, your constitu
tion didn't make it up to 18 until youwere third level."     "Oh, well, forgive me for not rememberi
ng something thatnever happened to me!  Geez!"     "My, aren't we in a testy mood today."  Ridiculou
s Swordpulled a glass full of a smoky-colored liquid out of her etherealcooler.  "Here, drink this. 
 You'll feel better."     "_Ohhhh_ no you don't," Ringman insisted, "I almost fell forthat last time
!  What is it today, a double-strength permanentpotion of extra healing at 150% effectiveness?!"    
 "No, no, no, nothing like that," Ridiculous Sword assuredhim.  "And the 150% effectiveness bit isn'
t cumulative with thetwice-normal-strength thing anyway.  You just looked like youcould use a drink.
"     Jimmy materialized by the side of the room.  He had justgone through several spheres of annihi
lation (with some severemagical protection) and was trying out his new psionicdisciplines.  Sometime
s he couldn't stand having all thesepowers, but usually he just thought they were neat.     "No than
k you," Ringman waved Ridiculous Sword's glass away,"I'm not thirsty."     "Well, I sure am!" Jimmy 
interrupted, walking toward thecenter of the room.  "If you won't drink this, I will."  He tookthe g
lass from Ridiculous Sword's hands and swallowed it down. It was good enough for him to lick his cho
ps and wipe his mouthon his sleeve.  "Mmmm, that tasted great!  What was it?"     "A permanent potio
n of invulnerability at twice normalstrength," Ridiculous Sword told him in a perfectly level voice.
     Jimmy gazed down at the glass, then down at the floor, said,"Oh," and strolled slowly out of th
e room.                                #     "Only one more permanent potion to go, Jimmy," Ridiculo
usSword told him, pouring the contents of her +6 bowl of potionmixing back into its original decante
r.  "Oil of acid resistance. Take off all your clothes."     Jimmy eyed her warily for a moment unti
l he was sure shedidn't want to play doctor with him, then stripped bare. Ridiculous Sword immediate
ly began rubbing the acidproof liquidover every exposed portion of his body.  She lingered brieflyar
ound his groin when she got there, but then moved on.     "Here, Jimbo, you'll have to drink a littl
e of it too."     Jimmy shrugged, took a mouthful from the container as shehanded it to him, and swa
llowed it with a grimace.  "Oh, God II,is that stuff bitter!"     "Of course it's bitter.  This is t
he most powerful antacidknown to man and god alike.  Now your mouth's been coated, and sohas your th
roat, and your stomach.  Within about nine hours,it'll have gone all the way through your digestive 
tract andyou'll be acid-proof on the inside from both ends.  You'll neverget an ulcer and never have
 to worry about heartburn again."     "Heartburn. . . . That sounds like the title of an evilmagic-u
ser spell or something."     "It does at that, doesn't it?  Okay, now, I'm gonna put adrop in each e
ye.  It'll sting for a couple seconds."     "Don't worry," Jimmy said, tensing up every muscle in hi
sbody and straining his voice, "I can take it!"     She let one drop fall into his left eye, then hi
s right,after each of which Jimmy blinked almost uncontrollably.  Withina few seconds his eyes felt 
normal again, and by that timeRidiculous Sword had already finished coating the back of hisneck and 
was working the oil into his left ear.     "So, R.S.," Jimmy began, trying to take his mind off of h
isfifth rub-down that day, "If the gods can't give you any answersas to why they wouldn't give you a
ny answers, where'll you gonext?"     "I'm not sure," she commented, acid-proofing his chest. "The g
ods were all hushed up about it for some reason.  I figureit's because they had to answer to a highe
r station.  I need tofind someone who doesn't have to answer to anybody, someone onanother plane who
 gets in on all the interplanar poop and yetisn't bothered by godly protocols."     "Oh," he chuckle
d, "You mean like Omnion?"     "Omnion," Ridiculous Sword said, rolling the idea around inher mind. 
 "Omnion," she repeated.  "She just might know. . . ."     "Oh, you are _not_ serious!" Jimmy quaver
ed.     "You bet I am.  Let's get Disgusting Sword and we'll allmeet her on the first plane of Hell.
"     "C-c-c-couldn't we just send her a postcard?"     "Mail hasn't been invented yet."     "Then c
ouldn't you use one of your extraplanar powers tocontact her from here?"     "She might not believe 
it's us."     "Then you could _make_ her believe it."     "Nope, there ain't no other way around it.
  I might need tobe there to cast just the right spell on her or something."     "So why do _I_ have
 to come along?"     "For the educational experience."  She finished coating hisAchilles heels with 
the oil.  "Now come on."     One minute and forty-two seconds later, Ringman, DisgustingSword, Ridic
ulous Sword, and Jimmy all materialized in the firstlayer of Hell.     The place gave new meaning to
 the word hothouse.  200 to 300degrees was the likely temperature, and the ground stank ofburning su
lfur.  Vaguely humanoid blobs, the "lemures" which all(or nearly all) new recruits in Hell got turne
d into, litteredthe ground as far as the horizon stretched.  Every twelve feet orso an orcish-lookin
g devil with a whip and a trident punctuatedthe sea of lemures.     "Now Jimmy and Ringman, watch ou
t for the devil taskmasters. You two might be fire resistant, but you're not fire immune.  Atleast n
ot without being within twenty feet of that Sick Sword orany of our artifacts.  You _especially_ be 
careful, Jimmy; you'reonly first-level with only 14 hit points."     "How come I'm fire resistant?" 
Ringman asked.     Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword chanted, "TheInvulnerable Coat of Arnd."   
  An orc-like taskmaster stopped beating up on one of hislemures and noticed the new arrivals.  "Hey
, who the here areyou?!"     "That's none of your business," Ridiculous Sword told him.     The orc-
devil sniffed briefly in their direction.  "You're. . . you're all lawful _good_!  Why, I ought to -
-"     Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword pulled out their holysymbols and shouted "BEGONE!" at p
ractically the same time.  Thedevil turned black with fear and ran away with its barbed tailbetween 
its legs.     Jimmy turned to the lemure the devil had been beating. "Have you seen Omnion?" he aske
d it.     "Uhhwuuuwuuwwuuuuuhpthhhht," the lemure replied,accidentally spitting up some internal glo
p.     Jimmy wiped the ectoplasm off.  "Ewwwwwww," he commented. "Forgot those things barely have mi
nds."     "No problem," Ridiculous Sword reassured him, "I see her."     Six seconds later, everyone
 else saw her too.  She wasn't alemure at all.  She was just plain old Omnion -- stripped of allher 
magic items, of course, but still the same Omnion Ringman hadslain eleven years hence.  She was stoo
ped over a rather largebasin, moving something in her hands back-and-forth against arough board.  Su
ds covered whatever it was in her hands and theinterior of the basin.     Our four heroes walked tow
ard her rather cautiously. Several dark-shaded somethings were piled in a heap behind her;the back a
nd top ends of the pile were lost in the darkness. Omnion saw them, wrinkled her forehead, and then 
smiled.  "Well,hi, all you _lovely_ people.  I was wondering when you'd getaround to stopping by."  
   Jimmy indicated the boundless mountain of stuff behind her. "What's the pile?"     "What's the pi
le, he asks!  HA!  That's a good one!  'What'sthe pile?'  _IT'S DIRTY LAUNDRY_!!  That's all I've be
en doing forthe last eleven years is DIRTY LAUNDRY!"  She wrung out thedevil-shaped shirt in her han
ds, threw it at the lemure next toher, told it "Rinse!" just as she had for the past 132 months,took
 a pair of pants down from The Pile and dunked it in herbasin.  "And just think, I only have 988 yea
rs to go.  Then I can_really_ show Hell who's boss!"     "No talking, slave!" a taskmaster shouted i
n her direction. "Back to work!"     Omnion grabbed the taskmaster's collar with one hand anddrew hi
m up to meet her gaze.     "Omnion!" the guard yelped.  "I'm sorry, I, er, didn'trecognize you!"    
 "Sorry isn't good enough," she said, tossed him in herbasin, scrubbed his head against her washing 
board, took him out,broke him in half across her right leg, and flung his remains tothe far horizon 
thanks to her permanent potion of titan strength.     "Oh, don't worry," she told our heroes, "They'
ll replace himsoon enough."  She took the pants in her basin in hand and beganscrubbing.  "And, uh, 
I'm _really_ sorry to hear about yourmother, little Sicklets.  And your parents too, Jimmy."  Hersin
ister smile revealed her still-perfect 18 charisma -- er, 23comeliness -- teeth.     "So how come yo
u have to put in 999 years of servitude?"Ridiculous Sword asked her.     Ringman counted on his fing
ers and mumbled to himself.  988plus 11 was about 999, all right.  He never was much good at thismat
h thing.     "_Why_?" Omnion blurted.  "Because you _have_ to!  _Everybody_who gets sent to Hell has
 to take anywhere from a hundred to athousand years worth of torture, depending on how evil you were
while you were alive.  Since I was invulnerable to most of thethings they could throw at me, they as
signed me to do Hell'slaundry for 999 years.  I was pretty pissed that they didn'tthink I was worth 
the full millennium treatment."  She wrung thepants out, threw them at the lemure next to her, told 
him to"Rinse!," plucked a pair of smelly underwear from the pile, andchucked it into her tub.     "Y
eah, but why do you _have_ to do it?"     "Because they make me!"     "But couldn't you just beat th
em all up?"     "Sure I could."     "Then why don't you break out of your predicament?"     She sigh
ed.  "They don't make me by _ordering_ me to do thesethings.  When they assign you to do something, 
you _have_ to doit.  You just plain have to.  It's one of the laws of nature inthis place, for cryin
g out loud!  Now get out of here, unless youhave something important to do!"     Ridiculous Sword fo
lded her arms.  "Aren't you afraid wemight kill you?"     "Kill me?  Heck, go ahead.  Non-existence 
sounds like awelcome relief from _this_ monotonous lifestyle -- er,deathstyle."     "Laundry's that 
dull, huh?"     "Well, it's not all that bad.  In another four-and-a-halfcenturies or so they're goi
ng to invent the washing machine, andI'll have more free time to do what I please.  But I still won'
tbe able to leave this plane.  Nope.  Un-uh.  Nosirree.  That's ano-no.  No interplanar travel until
 your torture period is over -- not even to any of the deeper layers of Hell."     "But you can _con
tact_ other planes, can't you?"     "Oh, phhhh, _anybody_ can do _that_!"     "Good.  There's been t
his sort-of news blanket over everynot-from-the-prime-material-plane creature we've talked to forthe
 past decade or so.  It seems the Dungeon Master didn't wantthe gods to tell us about what Peter Per
fect and Tiamat did toour mom."     Omnion grinned at their mentioning it.     "I take it you know a
bout Tiamat and her seed of evil,then."     "Oh, you bet," Omnion shot back.  "Heck, I could have to
ldyou about it, even.  I could have told you everything.  But didyou once call up your --" she leere
d at Ringman "-- good buddyOmnion and ask her, 'Hey, Omnion, is there anything going on thatwe shoul
d know about?'  No!  You just thought your own pettylittle deities and demigods would tell you every
thing!  Come _on_,this is the thirteenth century, wake up and smell the adamantite! Do you honestly 
think God II is going to be perfectly honest withyou just because he's your deity?!"     "He's not m
y deity," Ringman mumbled.     "So, then," Ridiculous Sword got back on the main track, "Doyou know 
_why_ the Dungeon Master forbade the gods to chat with usabout it?"     "Honey, if I knew why, I'd .
 . . I'd . . . I'd know why, Iguess."  She scrubbed the underpants.     "Then do you have any idea w
hy?"     "You bet.  The Dungeon Master was making one of his usualcruel and wanton proclamations."  
   Ridiculous Sword's and Disgusting Sword's eyes bugged out.     "Or maybe the D.M. was testing out
 his new hyperdimensionaltransport inverter beam when it malfunctioned and caused all non-material b
eings within a 700-plane radius to be unable to talkabout the event.  Or maybe the Big Referee accid
entally steppedon all the gods' brains and wiped out their speech centers for adecade.  _I_ don't kn
ow!"     Ridiculous Sword cast a charm person spell on her a fewtimes just to make sure.  She was in
deed telling the truth.     "Well, thanks anyway," she said, and prepared to leave.     "Any time," 
Omnion sneered at her.  She watched themdematerialize in a purple haze.     "Hmmmph," she grumbled t
o herself, wringing out the undees. "Rasper the pit fiend thought he could rule Hell forever whenWie
rd Dough vanquished all the arch-devils eleven years ago.  Ha! Only nine hundred eighty-eight years 
left; your days arenumbered."                                #     The halls of Sick Sword's small k
eep had not sounded soquiet for years.  Nobody said anything to anyone else sincethey'd gotten back.
  Of course, part of that might have had to dowith the fact that Ringman, Disgusting Sword, and Jimm
y all wentoff to take a nap.     Disgusting Sword found her sister sitting by the window,staring out
 into space, with her head resting on her left palm. She had been like that for hours.  Disgusting S
word brought herhalfway out of her trance by telepathically asking her what wasgoing on.     'Oh, no
thing, as usual,' Ridiculous Sword thought back. 'Nobody knows why Gross Sword's contamination was h
ushed up. Nobody in this whole multiverse knows.  Hardly any of them seemto care.'     'I care.  You
 care.'     'Oh, sure, and why didn't our own deity care?  Why didn'tanyone say anything?  Didn't th
e forces of law and good give adamn about what would happen to Sick Sword -- or to Bahamut?'     'Th
e important thing is that we know _now_, so we can preventhim from killing any other supreme beings 
or from mass murderingentire planar populations.'     'Prevent him?  How?  Every time we find a new 
loophole inthe rules, so does he.  We can't even hit each other any more. He can do _anything_ he wa
nts, and there's not a single force inthe multiverse that can stop him!'     Ringman entered the roo
m behind them and watched for awhile.  Not that you can really be behind anyone wearing a robeof eye
s, that is.     'Not even Omnion knew anything,' Ridiculous Sword'stelepathization continued.  'Ther
e has to be a reason for allthis!!'     A rather annoying clanking sound approached from the laundry
room.  Peter Perfect emerged into their room, carrying a laundrybasket as stiffly as he could manage
.  With that adamantite fullplate armor, his stiffness, and his monotone voice, Peter wouldhave easi
ly been mistaken for a robot had robots been inventedyet.  He set the basket down at Disgusting Swor
d's feet.  "Here-you-are-master -- er, mistress.  I-made-sure-to-wash-your-robe-of-the-archmagi-in-t
he-same-load-as-the-rest-of-the-white-clothes."     "Um, thanks," she said, lifting the white robe o
ut of thebasket.  It crackled as she wrenched it free from itsenvironment.  Hmmmph.  A thousand year
s of medieval advancementand they still hadn't figured out a way to get rid of staticcling.     "Lik
e I was thinking," Ridiculous Sword spake, "Like I've_been_ thinking ever since I found out, there h
as to be _some_reason the gods clammed up, and _somebody_ has to know it!"     "Heck," Ringman inter
jected, "At this point it seems thatthe only person who'd know is the Dungeon Master."     Ridiculou
s Sword's head sank back into her hands.  "Yeah, Iknow," she sighed.  "And I've even tried using the
 limitedomniscience power of my artifacts to find out.  Six times todayalone.  But every time I call
ed up the Dungeon Master with _that_particular question, I got his answering machine!  It's as thoug
heven the D.M. is keeping it hidden."     "Hey," Disgusting Sword snapped her fingers, "Maybe if you
talked with the Dungeon Master face-to-face!  The D.M. _couldn't_back down then and might _have_ to 
tell you!  Maybe. . . ."     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "I've thought of thatmyself.  But no
 one knows what the realm of the Dungeon Master islike.  No one in history has even _seen_ the Big R
eferee andreturned to tell about it!  You can't exactly jaunt over to hisplane and chat with him, be
cause he doesn't _have_ a plane in theusual sense of the term.  Anybody who went to the DungeonMaste
r's world would be outside of the multiverse as we know itand completely at the D.M.'s mercy.  Still
, it doesn't look likewe have much choice."     Jimmy had overheard, too, and was overjoyed.  He bou
ndedinto the room shouting, "Oh boy!  You're gonna go visit theDungeon Master!  Can I come along too
?  I always imagined theD.M. as this old guy wearing black-and-white stripes with awhistle stuck in 
his mouth!"     "No, you can't come along," Ridiculous Sword told himfirmly.  "You probably wouldn't
 survive for an attosecond.  AndI've always imagined the Dungeon Master as a female jailkeeperwith a
 huge keyring that locks and unlocks all these dungeondoors."     Disgusting Sword snorted.  "That's
 funny.  I've always seenhim as this three-foot-high gnome-looking guy with long whitehair, a huge b
ald spot, red robes, and a cabbage-patch face."     "Whatever he looks like, I'm going to have to ri
sk it.  I'lltake all my magic items and artifacts along with me, of course;if any of them work again
st me in his realm I can always discardthem.  It never hurts to have a little insurance."  She pause
d. "If I weren't a paladin, I'd be really really scared."     "I'm a paladin," Ringman said, "And I'
m still scared."     "Yeah, but neither you nor I can be affected by a fear_spell_, at least."     "
Oh.  Hadn't thought of it that way."     Ridiculous Sword exhaled once resignedly, and then onceagai
n decisively.  She hauled out her amulet of the planes.  Shekicked in the vision spell from her Ridi
culous Hand Axe.  Shecast commune, contact other plane, gate, and an astral spell,then rubbed hersel
f down with some oil of etherealness.  Sheactivated all six of her limited omniscience side effects 
at thesame time.  And finally, she chanted the mystic words, "Bric-a-bracker, firecracker, sis boom 
bah / Dungeon Master, DungeonMaster, rah, rah, rah!"     And the multiverse collapsed into a big pud
dle around her.     The scene looked like the usual long-and-drawn-out planetravel special effects. 
 There were lots of pretty colors andweird music playing on a 13th-century synthesizer in thebackgro
und.  She still felt her body clinging to the outside ofher spirit, just like always, but she couldn
't see it.  Not evenwith her permanent detect invisibility spell or her robe of eyes. She felt very 
alone, and very, very helpless.     "What _will_ the Dungeon Master look like?" she tried to askhers
elf.  It was in trying to speak that she realized there wasno air around her.  She was in a vacuum. 
 Even if there _had_ beenair out there, she noticed, she wouldn't have been able tobreathe it; oxyge
n or nitrogen would turn to ice.  Thetemperature was absolute zero.  Her items and artifacts weredoi
ng a very good job of keeping her alive.     Then, the pretty colors started to dim.  All lights and
sounds -- however she could hear sound in a vacuum -- wereleaving her senses.  Within six seconds, i
t was absolute zero,and absolute vacuum, and absolute silent, and absolute dark.     She felt an alm
ost imperceptible jostle.  'This is it,' shethought.     And as light and sound and temperature at l
ast started toreturn, her limbs -- as if of their own will -- began to pose inan awkward mid-stride 
stance.  They also started to stiffen.  Herwhole body, even her head, began hardening into a mould w
hichalmost, but didn't quite, fit the normal contours of her body.     Even her eyes became frozen i
n place.  Fortunately, her robeof eyes still afforded a 360 degree view of things.  The firstthing s
he could make out was a white landscape; a perfectly flatwhite landscape.  As the details cleared, s
he began to see thinblue lines networking the land, crisscrossing in a grid with eachline spaced ten
 feet apart -- or ten yards, she couldn't be sure. Above the horizon loomed an eerily lit, plaster-c
overed wall thatseemed to enclose several square miles on all four sides. Directly overhead was anot
her wall, this time with shortstalactites hanging down from nearly every point.  Any one ofthose sta
lactites could have been a very short and fat piercer,except for the fact that piercers didn't parti
cularly care forbright light.  A yellowish-white sphere hung from the tremendousceiling, shining lik
e an artificial sun.     It was then she noticed that the walls weren't plain; therewas a gigantic w
ooden panel set into the flank side of the wallto the left of her, with a gold-colored cylinder jutt
ing out ofone side.  It looked rather remotely like a mammoth door.  Oh,and there was one more detai
l in the room.  Perhaps she had notwished to acknowledge its presence, but there was something elset
here.  Or some_one_ else there.  Someone whom she could no longerignore.  Someone who, judging from 
the scale of the blue lines onthe ground, must have been 600 feet -- or yards -- tall.     The giant
 looked away from the papers in his hands andstared at Ridiculous Sword through his thick glasses.  
Hiseyebrows lowered as he pointed at her.  "YOU!  What are you doinghere?!"     Ridiculous Sword cou
ldn't move her mouth to speak, but shecould still use telepathy.  'You must be the Dungeon Master.' 
    "Darned right I'm the Dungeon Master!" he insisted, settingsome of his papers down and inadverte
ntly dropping a 20-sideddie.  "Brilliant deduction!  You don't have a 19 intelligence fornothing!"  
   Ridiculous Sword glanced at her reflection in hisspectacles.  She looked nothing like herself.  S
he was metallic-gray, adorned in a lifeless mockery of a magician's robe.  Shelooked like a metal st
atue of some girl wearing long robes andholding her hands in a spell-casting position.  Her feet res
tedon a circular metal base half a foot high and three feet wide. In short, she looked just as stiff
 and motionless as she felt.     'You undoubtedly know why I'm here, O great and powerfulDungeon Mas
ter.'     "Of course I know why you're here!  Duuuuuuuuuuuuuh!"  Hewhacked his right hand limply aga
inst the chest of hishorizontally-striped T-shirt.  "You wanna find out more aboutGross Sword!  Well
, you little twit, I know _everything_ there isto know about him!!"     He thumbed rapidly through t
he pages in his hand and whippedout a yellow-orange piece of parchment adorned with beautiful inkill
umination and ugly pencil scratches.  "Do you recognize_this_?!" he thrust it in her face.     Ridic
ulous Sword's eyes tried to widen (but couldn't, ofcourse).  'My character sheet!'     "Exactly," hi
s mouth grew into a sinister grin.  "I controlyour character sheet.  I control . . ." he began the t
eensiest ofrips along the top edge, ". . . your destiny!"     Ridiculous Sword felt a terrible pain 
run across the rift onthe top of her head.  She was having a splitting headache.     "Feels terrible
, doesn't it?" the Dungeon Master chortled. "You see, I know about all the ways you've been stretchi
ng therules.  I --"     "Honey," a distant feminine voice interrupted from beyondthe door, "Your din
ner's ready!"     "Aw, mom!" the D.M. yelled toward the door, putting thecharacter sheet down, "I'm 
talkin' with Ridiculous Sword!"     "Well, hurry it up," the phantom voice replied.     The Dungeon 
Master turned back to his hapless audience ofone.  "As I was saying, I know about how you wear five,
 ten, oreven fifteen magic rings on a single hand.  I know about yourpercentile dice that are marked
 with zeroes on all the faces.  Iknow about how you can buy magic items on the black magic marketat 
cost.  I know how you change character classes not once, butten times.  I know," his voice tried to 
grow more impressive,"How you kill centaurs and take their four one-million-gold-piecegems!"     'So
 you want us to stop doing all that, is that it?'  Shewould have shivered nervously if she could mov
e.     "Stop it?  Are you kidding?  _I_ was the one who _let_ you doall that in the first place!"  H
e thrust a finger rightunderneath her dull metal nose.  "So that means you _owe me,doesn't it!  I le
t you types get away with _plenty_!  And you knowwhat?  It was getting _boring_!  That's right, bori
ng as Hell!  Oras the Abyss, or as Tarterus, or as whatever other plane you wantto use in a sentence
!  Why do you think I let Gross Sword get 80million experience points and be a chaotic-evil killing 
machine,huh?!  For _play_ balance!!"     'So _that's_ why we couldn't hit each other when we werefig
hting, even though all our weapons had the final word power.'     "They do?"  He picked up one of th
e sheets just beneath hercharacter sheet.  "Wait a minute, they do, don't they?  So thatwould mean t
hat each of you should have hit each other after theother person attacked.  I played that wr-- er, u
h, I mean, of_course_ that's why I did it!  I'm the Dungeon Master!  I couldn'thave let you kill eac
h other then because, because . . . uh . . .because I still wanted Tiamat to die!"     'But Tiamat's
 still --'     "Er, Bahamut, I mean!  Yeah, that's it, I had to have GrossSword kill Bahamut!"  He p
icked her up off the white landscapeand brought her to his eye level.  Ridiculous Sword's robe ofeye
s told her that the white landscape she'd been standing on wasactually a tremendous sheet of parchme
nt atop a huge foldingtable.  "And _you_ can't do anything about it!"  He turned her toface the circ
ular receptacle standing in the corner.  She'dalready scanned it with her x-ray vision and knew it w
as full ofcrumpled documents.  "There's where Sick Sword is now!  See?  Itore her in half!  Nyaaah! 
 Your mom is _DEAD_!  Dead dead deaddead dead!  And I burnt her character sheet, so that not evenSco
tch tape could bring her back!"     'Er, Scotch what?'     "_SHUT UP, YOU STUPID PUKE_!"  And with t
hat curse, he hurledher back down at the white landscape.     She hit the ground so hard, in fact, t
hat her spirit gotjarred loose from the metal statue and she continued to fallthrough the table and 
into the darkness beyond.                                #     What she emerged into looked like the
 Astral Plane.  Itwasn't the Astral Plane, though, as anyone who had really beenthere could tell you
.  It was, in fact, the Prime Material plane;yet she was not on Central Earth.  She was on her _way_
 to CentralEarth, though.  She found that out right quick, yessirree.  Justas soon as she saw the bi
g blue-with-white-cloud-specks disk rushtoward her at a relativistic speed.     Instantly, she kicke
d in her permanent double-strengthpotions of flying and levitation as her ring of earth elementalcom
mand automatically engaged its feather falling power.  Thatbarely made a dent in her speed.  The nex
t instant she hitCentral Earth's atmosphere and would have burnt to a cinder (or aplasma) if not for
 Artifact Prime Power DD.  That slowed her downsomewhat, but not enough, she calculated, to smack he
r into theground subsonic.  She thought about teleporting upward to giveher more time to slow down, 
until she remembered that the $#@!ingrules didn't allow her to teleport anyplace where there wasn't 
asolid surface.  She watched helplessly as Central Earth rushed upto greet her.     The cloud layer 
zoomed toward and past her in the space of aheartbeat.  A normal heartbeat, that is, not the heartbe
at of adisgusting character under the influence of a permanent potion ofspeed at twice normal streng
th.  She could see the gridlikedivision of landplots beneath her now -- they reminded her,ironically
, of the blue lines on the Dungeon Master's map.  Thecontinental outline and the land patterns made 
her destinationclear: she was hurling down just outside of town, aimed straightfor her mother's smal
l keep from whence she'd gone to visit theD.M. in the first place.  She wished she had time to scan 
thecastle with her x-ray vision, just to see whether or not herphysical body was still in there.  Ju
st to see if this wasn'tsome terrible falling nightmare she was going to wake up from ina cold sweat
.  But the wind and the pressure and the heat allfelt far too real to her for it to be a dream anywa
y.  And therewasn't a damned thing she could do to save herself from the fall.     The next instants
 flew by all too quickly.  She saw the keepexplode into her visual field, saw the east parapet headi
ngstraight toward her, heard the loudest stony screech as her sightblacked out, and felt an impact a
kin to someone hitting her witha pillow the size of the astral plane.  She opened her eyes somesix m
illion microseconds later, and glimpsed clear blue skypierced by a dark gray castle tower.  A bird's
 cheerful middaysong accompanied the hurried approach of human -- or at leasthalf-human -- footsteps
.     "Ridiculous Sword!" Ringman's voice neared from around acorner.  "Are you still alive?!"     S
he craned her stiff neck forward and managed to look atJimmy's astonished face.  She smiled weakly a
t him.     "You musta been going supersonic when ya hit the ground!"Jimmy relayed.  "How come you di
dn't get splattered into azillion pieces?!"     She glanced to her left at the outer stone wall of t
hecastle seven-odd feet away from her, and understood.  She smiledat Jimmy again and pointed at the 
masonry.     "Huh?" Jimmy huhed.     "Oh, I get it," Disgusting Sword said, appearing virtuallyfrom 
out of nowhere.  "You didn't take any damage because youfell within eight feet of a wall."     Ridic
ulous Sword made the O.K. sign, as if to say "perfect,"and slumped back flat onto the ground.  This 
whole experience hadjust about taken everything out of her.     Ringman arrived and knelt beside his
 second daughter.  Thenext moment, when he realized that she'd come through totallyunscathed (as usu
al), he asked, "What did you find out?"     "Yeah!" Jimmy enthused.  "What'd the Dungeon Master look
like?!"     Ridiculous Sword exhaled deeply.  "He is the most nasty,ruthless, egotistical, self-righ
teous, manipulative being it hasever been my displeasure to meet.  It makes me sick just to thinktha
t I'm living in _his_ multiverse."     Disgusting Sword blinked uncomfortably.  "So did you findout 
anything about our dear, beloved brother?"     Ridiculous Sword nodded solemnly.  "Uh huh.  I know w
hy theD.M. wanted him to get away with being a chaotic-evil brat for solong.  And I know what I have
 to do. . . ."                             PART FOUR     Sick Sword's memory still haunted Ringman l
ike Isolde's didTristan.  Like Juliet's did Romeo.  Like Thisby's did Pyramus. Like Rock Hudson's di
d Jim Nabors.  Like --     "Enough, already!" Ringman sneered.  "We get the picture!"     Homer the 
brownie rode in back of Ringman on his warhorse,as usual.  Disgusting Sword and Ridiculous Sword flo
ated throughthe air next to them.  Peter Perfect rode his own warhorse asideRingman's, holding the r
eins stiff-armed.  The horse seemed alittle uneasy about this whole setup, as did Prometheus.  Jimmy
lagged a little behind everyone else (staying clear of thehorse's trail, of course), swishing the Si
ck Sword menacinglythrough the air.     "So what's this big plan of yours, R.S.?" Jimmy asked.     "
Yes, Ridiculous," Ringman inquired, "I'd also like to knowwhat we're about to get ourselves into, so
 I can decide whetheror not I should be afraid of it."     "Well," Ridiculous Sword began, "The firs
t thing we've gotto do is lure Gross Sword back out into the open.  That's whywe're heading for The 
Great Big Clearing That Happens To Be EvenA Little Bigger Than The Clearing Sick Sword Built Her Kee
p In."     "Ah," Ringman ahed, "So there won't be any innocentbystanders for him to hack up."     "N
o, just to give us some maneuvering room.  Oh, by the way,I just remembered: Ringman, you've gotta u
pgrade your ballista. Plus 1 won't hit anyone protected by a double-strength potion ofinvulnerabilit
y."     Ringman buried his face in his right gauntlet.     "Aw, don't bother him about it," Disgusti
ng Sword told her,"Peter Perfect doesn't have a spoon of stirring anyway.  So, tellus more about you
r plan."     "Why don't _you_ tell 'em, sis?"     "_I_ don't know your plan."     "But you can read 
my mind."     "Not when you always have a mind blank spell up."     "Oh, all right," Ridiculous Swor
d acquiesced.  "Anyway, weget Gross Sword to come to us.  Disgusting Sword and I will keephim occupi
ed by meleeing him and not hitting.  Meanwhile, he'llkeep _us_ occupied by meleeing us and not hitti
ng.  And then," shepointed to Jimmy, "You hit him with Secret Weapon XJ-46."     "Right," Jimmy grin
ned, instinctively moving his left armbehind his back.     Quizzically, Ringman looked behind Jimmy'
s back.  All he sawwas a left hand clutching air.  Then the paladin fingered his owntorso and decide
d, 'I think I'd better keep this InvulnerableCoat of Arnd on for the duration.'     "And that's the 
whole plan?!" Homer complained.  "Hit himwith Secret Weapon XJ-46?!  No escape routes, no back-ups, 
noideas of what to do if Gross Sword's still alive _after_ your biglollapaloozer hits him?!"     "Oh
, he probably _will_ be still alive after he's hit.  I'vealready thought of that."     They reached 
the geometric center of the clearing andstopped.  Ridiculous Sword solemnly declared, "The time isri
ght."     "Uh," Ringman interrupted, "Don't we have to wait for thethree suns to align or something?
"     Ridiculous Sword grimaced at him.  "Central Earth only _has_one sun!  Sheish, for a paladin yo
u sure have a weak stomach!"     "You ready?" Disgusting Sword asked of everyone (but ofRidiculous S
word in particular).     Ridiculous Sword nodded matter of factly.  "I'm ready."     Jimmy smiled li
ke a little boy hiding a secret.  "I'mready."     Ringman and Homer blinked at each other.  "We're n
ot ready."     "Good, we're all in agreement then," Ridiculous Sworddeclared.  She raised her horn o
f blasting into the wind, andyelled through it: "GROOOOOOOOOOOSS Sword!  Come out come outwherever y
ou are!"     The clear-blue sky seemed to rumble a reply as RidiculousSword put her horn away and bo
th she and her sister began to castthe same spell.  What spell it was they were casting, no one butt
hey had any idea.  Homer the brownie, suddenly aware of hisvulnerability in only having four hit poi
nts and a _positive_armor class, ran around behind Ringman's warhorse and blended inwith the surroun
dings.  Peter Perfect, of course, just sat therestiff-armed on top of his horse.  Ringman drew his (
merely +5)holy longsword and raised his shield.     The air felt tense.  Very tense.  Ringman probab
ly couldhave drawn a spark by touching metal if he wasn't grounded to hisarmor.  He wished to his de
ity that his daughters would hurry upand finish whatever spell it was they were casting.     Then, h
e saw it.  So did everyone else, for that matter; itwas rather hard to miss.  Six seconds ago the sk
y had been pureazure, but now it was dominated by a single gigantic, swirling,black cloud reaching a
ll the way to the ground.  And into thecenter of the Great Big Field, out of the cone of this cyclon
e --no, hurricane was a better word -- dropped the single mostpowerful force of chaotic-evil in the 
multiverse.     And flanking him at ten yards intervals dropped four twelve-foot-high humanoid machi
nes.     "Golems!" Ringman gasped.  Ridiculous Sword or DisgustingSword could have told him that, of
 course, but they were stillbusy saying magic words and waving their arms around.  Thisscared Homer 
even more, and even Jimmy and Ringman's warhorsebegan to get lumps in their stomachs.  (Though Peter
 Perfect, ofcourse, just sat there in the saddle with his arms out stiff.) These golems were big, an
d broad, and dark-colored, and noisy. Very noisy.  One solid, clanking step from any of them could s
etoff a fault line.  Ringman had a slight feeling that he wasoutclassed.  "Uh . . . Ridiculous Sword
 . . . Disgusting Sword   . . . could you hurry it --"     "Ha haaaaaah!" the boy in the middle gloa
ted, drawingattention back to himself (as well as the Gross Broadsword andthe Gross Hand Axe).  His 
sandy brown hair framed a dark, hiddenfury within his eyes, but the whole of his expression drowned 
inhis sinister, sickening smile.     It was then that it dawned on Ringman: _this_ was his son. This
 was the first time he'd ever so much as _seen_ his own boy. It was also the first time Gross Sword 
had seen _him_ for real,even though he had probably spied on Ringman countless times witha crystal b
all or a mirror of mental prowess or whatnot.     "So, father," the sinister smile mused as Gross Sw
ord pulledout card number ten from the Villain's Collection of CommonlyUsed Sayings and held it up t
o display: "At last we meet."     He tromped with painstaking slowness toward Ringman, GrossBroadswo
rd in right hand and Gross Hand Axe in left, relishingthe ever-increasing look of horror on his fath
er's face. Perhaps, some dim flicker of conscience told him, he should bepaying more attention to hi
s goody-two-shoes sisters; but theywere no threat and this paladin was far more entertaining.     Th
e holy sword quavered in Ringman's hands.     And at that moment, Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sw
ordfinished their spells by casting their hands toward the sky andcrying the activating phrase, "TEM
PUUUUUUUUUUUUUS FUGIT!"     If you thought the Sick Girls could move fast before, youwould have been
 flabberghasted to see them now.  Their normalrunning speeds, which were already only slightly under
 mach five,now increased SIXFOLD to a monstrous 30 720 feet per second. They could move six times as
 fast, attack six times as fast, castspells six times as fast, and even think six times as fast.  Th
iswas the awesome might that Tempus Fugit had bestowed upon them.     Gross Sword looked through his
 robe of eyes' rear eyes atthe two human cyclones now approaching him.  "God IV!" he gasped. "How co
uld I have overlooked such a powerful spell!"     Ringman wiped his brow, grateful that his murderou
s son'sattention had been drawn from him.  He stopped relaxing, though,when he realized that the fou
r golems hadn't been so distracted.     Gross Sword assessed things as quickly as he could manage. R
idiculous Blur and Disgusting Blur would probably use theirspeed to try and feint past his defenses.
  He would have to keephis guard up more now than ever before in his life.  The only wayhe could hop
e for better-than-average odds of survival would beto . . . <cringe> . . . PARRY -- without attackin
g!  He swallowedhis pride and went on the defensive.     Ridiculous Sword reached him first.  She ha
d been nearer tohim when she'd finished her spell.  Gross Sword crossed hisbroadsword and hand-axe a
nd readied to kick in his helm ofteleportation if it came to that.  And then, when RidiculousSword c
losed to within ten feet of him, she . . . she _sloweddown_!  She slowed to her usual ridiculously-f
ast pace, instead ofthe unbelievably-fast pace she'd just had.  Puzzled butdelighted, Gross Sword lo
oked at Disgusting Sword, and found thatshe had slowed down to below hypersonic as well.  And his fa
therbehind him, and the four golems -- they looked to be moving sixtimes more lethargically than the
y had any right to.     _Now_ he remembered.  Tempus fugit affected everything withinten feet of its
 caster, friend or foe.     Ringman hardly noticed his son's and daughters' littleskirmish; twelve f
eet of mindless metal was about to pound himinto the ground like a tent peg.  He would have to hit i
t first. He charged up the few remaining yards to the behemoth, shoutingto drown out his fear, and r
ammed his holy sword toward its metalbelly.     He was in mid-swing, too late to stop the momentum o
f hisblow or the momentum of his thoughts, when he realized exactlywhat _kind_ of metal this golem w
as made of.     The sword's tip impacted into an impenetrable wall.  Itarched under the weight of Ri
ngman's thrust, protested, andfinally snapped in two.  The upper half of the blade clattereddown sou
ndlessly against the grassy earth.  Ringman stared inhorror at the half of a sword remaining in his 
right hand, thenslowly turned to the golem and exclaimed, "You have broken whatcould not _be_ broken
!"     "I am pure adamantite," the golem replied.  "That is a +6substance.  Your holy sword was only
 +5.  That was why it broke."     Ringman nested his face in one hand and shook his head.     "This 
has been a recorded announcement," the golem finished,and smashed down on Ringman so hard it knocked
 him to the ground.     Ringman rolled out of the creature's way and stood up.  Justbeing stepped on
 by that thing would probably squish him,mithral-alloyed armor and all.  The adamantite golem stumbl
edharmlessly by, leaving six-inch-deep footprints.  Ringman figuredhe might be able to keep its atte
ntion for a few minutes, butthen it might lose interest and turn instead on Homer or Jimmy orhis war
horse.  He needed to down this thing, and he needed a +6weapon to do it.     He looked over at Jimmy
.  _He_ had a +6 broadsword.  He wasalso using that +6 broadsword to fend off one of the other three
adamantite golems.  Ringman certainly couldn't take that swordfrom Jimmy, even if he _could_ stomach
 taking the Sick Sword intohis hand again.  Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword also had+6 broadsw
ords -- and +6 daggers, and +6 longswords, and +6 handaxes.  And all eight of them were either in th
eir hands ordancing in the air to keep Gross Sword's attention.  And GrossSword probably wouldn't be
 willing to forfeit any of his +6weapons to Ringman just yet.     Where on Central Earth could he fi
nd a +6 wea--     The green glow from Peter Perfect's hip almost seemed torespond to his thoughts.  
That poor-excuse-for-a-holy-sword _hadtold him that Peter Perfect had paid the extra 20 000 gold pie
cesto upgrade it to +6. . . .     "No," Ringman convinced himself aloud.  "No.  No way.  Un-uh.  No.
  Absolutely not."     The golem clanked toward him again.     "Oh hell," he said, reached over, and
 drew the +6 sentientholy avenger longsword from Peter Perfect's sheath.     The sword was as perky 
as a +6 holy puppy dog.  "Ringman,old buddy old pal old pal old pal!  So ya finally changed yourmind
!"     Ringman pointed a threatening finger at the sword.  "Onesnide remark, Prometheus, and I'll fi
nd a way to break _you_,too!"     Prometheus shrugged in that way only holy swords can.  "Mypersonal
ity score's higher than yours."     The golem was nearly upon them.     "Fine," barked Ringman, "For
 now just do what you do best!"     "I thought you'd never ask," Prometheus replied and, inconcert w
ith Ringman's strong right arm, rammed its tip rightthrough the adamantite golem's belly.     "Ouch!
" the golem commented.     Ringman yanked the sword out of his opponent and swungagain, making a dee
p gash in the metal giant's side.  It was hurtpretty badly now.  "Two attacks per minute," Prometheu
scommented.  "I'm impressed."     "New paladin rules," Ringman replied as he deflected anotherswing 
of that adamantite arm with his +4 shield.  "Longswordhappens to be my weapon of choice."     Ringma
n hacked twice at the behemoth again.  This mountainof adamantite was doomed to fall, Ringman could 
be sure of that.     Nearby, Jimmy was disposing of his adamantite golem inclassic fashion.  He coul
dn't attack as often as Ringman could,since he was only first-level, but with the Sick Sword in hish
ands he could hit just as hard, if not 10 damage points harder.     The third and fourth golems, sur
prisingly, were alreadymangled heaps of metal filings lying on the ground.  DisgustingSword figured 
maybe she didn't need both her Disgusting DaggerAND her Disgusting Broadsword hacking futilely at Gr
oss Sword atthe same time, so she sent the dagger off to tackle the golemsduring one of its four-min
ute "dancing" episodes.     All this time, Gross Sword and the Sick Girls had beenhacking at each ot
her and at each others' dancing weapons withabsolutely no result.  Gross Sword could have sworn that
Disgusting Sword had only been armor class -27 last time he sawher, which was certainly a weak enoug
h A.C. for him to penetrate.     "I could have sworn you were only armor class -27 last timeI saw yo
u, Disgusting Sword," Gross Sword said, breaking theirsilence.     "I was," Disgusting Sword told hi
m as she parried andriposted.  (Her riposte missed, of course.)  "Look at my stones."     Gross Swor
d quickly counted and assimilated the tiny baubleswhirling around Disgusting Sword's head.  Sure eno
ugh, there wereeighteen dusty rose stones in orbit about her that hadn't beenthere before.  "Oh," he
 said, "I see.  Eighteen +1-protectionioun stones to bring your armor class down to -45.  You're alm
ostas cheap as I am."     Jimmy chopped down on his golem for the final time.  Thehumanoid lump of a
damantite gave a non-descript grunt and keeledover.  "All right!" Jimmy cheered.  "I got one!  I . .
 . uh . . .I . . . IIIIiiiiIIIIIII -- AAAAAGH!"     Jimmy too keeled over, holding his stomach.  He 
looked like he was about to explode.  Ringman saw this and rushed to hisside, taking off his gauntle
ts in case he needed to lay on hishands.  "What's wrong, son?!"     Gross Sword glanced over at him 
when he heard that.  But itwasn't he who his father was asking, merely Ridiculous Sword'snew playmat
e whom Ringman had fleetingly called "son."     Ridiculous Sword looked over at Jimmy and smiled.  S
he knewwhat was going on.     Jimmy, unfortunately, did not.  He felt like the time hisstrength had 
suddenly climbed from 18 to 18/00, only about ahundred times worse and in all the wrong places.  He 
shook, heheld his throbbing temples, he bubbled over; he imagined himselfturning inside out.     Whe
n at last the feeling ebbed and his stomach returned tohis belly, he noticed the last fading traces 
of a bluish auraaround him.  He would have noticed it while he was changing,except he had more impor
tant things to worry about then.     "That adamantite golem got you 26 700 experience points,Jimmy!"
 Ridiculous Sword called out.  "Welcome to level five!"     "Oh no," Jimmy shook his head.  This was
 just too much.  Hewas grateful that he had a migraine headache so that he couldhold his head and fe
el something familiar.     Gross Sword's Gross Swords clanged and clashed againstDisgusting Sword's 
and Ridiculous Sword's invincible defenses. His airborne dancing weapons parried theirs like bats ou
t of theAbyss.  There must be some way to end this stalemate, Gross Swordfigured.  There must be som
e power, say, that his weapons coulddrum up.  His broadsword, his hand axe, his long sword, and hisd
agger were all +6 unholy dancing defender flame-tongue frost-brand anti-sun blades of wounding, shar
pness, throwing,thunderbolts, life stealing, venom, contradisruption, all dragonslaying, speed, fina
l w--     "Hey, WAIT A MILLISECOND!" Gross Sword barked.  "How come myweapons' Final Word power neve
r kicked in?!?"     "I was waiting for you to mention that," Ridiculous Swordsaid with a wide grin. 
 She cocked her right arm back, put everyounce of Atlas Strength she had into the swing, and hacked 
amighty blow at her nemesis with the Ridiculous Broadsword.  GrossSword threw everything he had into
 the sword's way -- even hisweapons' full defender abilities -- but it couldn't stop theblade.  Razo
r-sharp adamantite tore across his abdomen likethunder, boosted by the limitless strength in Ridicul
ous Sword'sarm and the Bracer of Irresistible Damage around her left wrist. When the smoke cleared, 
Gross Sword was down 330 hit points.     "AAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Gross Sword wailed.  He backed up, blinded by a searing pain likehe had never felt before in his li
fe.  His eyes were full ofreflexive tears when he looked back up.  "How in the name ofDemogorgon's g
host did you _do_ that?!!"     "Easy," Ridiculous Sword explained.  "I had a feeling theDungeon Mast
er would forget about our weapons' Final Word powers,just like he did the last time we fought.  I wa
s just waiting foryou to remind him."     "The Dungeon Master . . ." Gross Sword's words flowed out 
asslowly as pitch.  "The Dungeon Master . . . forGOT?!?"     Ridiculous Sword merely half-smiled bac
k.     "Then . . ." Gross Sword figured, "Then . . . my swords'Final Word powers should work on YOU,
 too!"  He started to swinghis broadsword.     "Maybe," Ridiculous Sword replied, turned around, and
 ran. "But you have to catch me first!"     Gross Sword gave chase.  He ran after her for nearly a t
enthof a second before he realized that she was outdistancing himsix-to-one.  Damn it, her "tempus f
ugit" field moved _with_ her;when she ran away, she left Gross Sword out in the cold.  AndDisgusting
 Sword had already put a fair distance between herselfand her dear little brother.     Gross Sword s
heathed his broadsword and his hand axe.  "Ican fix _that_," he muttered.  He inhaled deeply, wiggle
d hisfingers, and began to chant.  The chant was an illusionist spell;a fifth-level illusionist spel
l.  He had memorized tempus fugitjust like his sisters had.  He just hadn't been sure of what thespe
ll could do, that was all.     A sword and a dagger buzzed through the air toward him atblinding spe
eds.  They were Ridiculous Sword's.  Damn her dancingweapons.  One hit from one of those things, bac
ked up by herBracer of Irresistible Damage, would be enough to finish him offin his current state of
 health -- he only had 279 hit pointsleft.  There was nothing he could do except abort his spell and
run backwards until he was out of the dancing weapons' 30 yardrange.     So reasoning, he aborted hi
s spell and ran backwards untilhe was out of the dancing weapons' 30 yard range.     Disgusting Swor
d wasn't about to let him out of her clutchesso easily.  After all, the old Grosser might still have
 anothertempus fugit spell memorized.  She ran around behind him andcharged with her dancing +6 holy
 longsword of wounding and herdancing +6 holy hand axe of wounding.  Gross Sword saw thedisembodied 
weapons coming (he _was_ wearing a rode of eyes, afterall) and parried them with the Gross Broadswor
d and the GrossDagger.  The weapons didn't stand a chance of hitting -- poor oldDisgusting Sword was
 born too soon to put the Final Word abilityon her toys -- but still they hacked and thrusted and sl
ashed sixtimes faster than they had any right to.     "What gives?" Gross Sword said, fending off he
r dancingweapons.  They had certainly been confusing the hell out of himall this time.  "Your dancin
g weapons aren't inside of a tempusfugit field!"     "They don't have to be," Disgusting Sword calle
d back. "Dancing weapons fight with exactly the same expertise and poweras their wielder.   And sinc
e _I'm_ in a tempus fugit field . . ."     Gross Sword slapped a palm over his face (while stillparr
ying with the other hand, of course).  "That has to be themost ridiculous distortion of the rules I'
ve ever heard of!" heexclaimed.     Ridiculous or not, it was there, and being implemented; andany s
econd now Ridiculous Sword's weapons could catch up with himand deliver the Final Word.  He was at a
 dangerous disadvantage. There was only one option open to him.  He grit his teeth,swallowed his pri
de (which was a very large gulp), and declared,"Tactical advance to the rear!"     Then he teleporte
d.                                #     Or at least he tried to teleport.  Neither the Ether nor the
Astral Plane would accept him.  He bounced off of the fabric ofthe multiverse in a purplish haze, an
d snapped right back to hispoint of origin.     "WHAT?!?" Gross Sword winced.     Ridiculous Sword g
rinned.  "You don't think we chose thisparticular clearing by accident, do you?  Certain areas ofCen
tral Earth, such as this place and the Cracks of Doom, areinherently teleport-proof.  You've just wa
lked right into ourtrap."     Gross Sword grimaced, then pulled out his last ace.  "Ohyeah?" he brea
thed, "Well, there's one other trick I have left." He grinned.  "Which you didn't count on."  He mov
ed his hands tothe sky, and his sisters recognized the gesture.     "OH NO!" the Sword sisters gaspe
d in unison.     Gross Sword snickered evilly, finished his somaticcomponents with a groin thrust, a
nd chanted the mystic words,"ANTI-MAGIC SHELL!"     Ringman stared on in awe as an invisible sphere 
49 feetacross englobed his son.  Even _he_ knew what that spell could do. No magic item would functi
on within its confines -- not a singleone.  Nor would any of the Sick Kids' permanent spells.  Howev
er,Ringman _did_ recall his dearly departed Sick Sword once sayingsomething about --     "Artifacts!
" he yelped, pointing at Gross Sword.  "Yourartifacts can still work inside the shell!"     Ridiculo
us Sword, Disgusting Sword, and yes, even GrossSword all turned to their father and grudgingly told 
him, inchorus, "Not any more they can't."     Ridiculous Sword beamed him a telepathic picture of Dr
agonand Dragrace's latest issue, page 23, paragraph 3.  The paragraphread:  "I, the Dungeon Master, 
the most lordly and highestcreator of all the multiverse, and the most incredibly omnipotentof any o
f you jerk-offs out there, hereby declare that anti-magicshells will now stop the effects of artifac
ts and relics, as wellas the effects of non-artifact magic items, like they weresupposed to do in th
e first place.  Furthermore, magic potionsimbibed before the anti-magic shell touches the imbiber wi
llfunction normally.  IN NO WAY IS THIS STATEMENT TO BE ASSUMED ANADMISSION OF DUNGEON MASTER ERROR!
"     "Oh," Ringman shrugged.     The scene fell silent.  Gross Sword had summoned in theultimate de
fense.  "Ha HA," he chortled chaotic-evilly, "Mydefensive powers still work, but your offensive powe
rs do _not_!Your little trick hasn't availed you at all, my _dear_ sisters!And now that I know about
 this spot and about tempus fugit,you'll never be able to trick me again!  BWA ha ha ha haaaa!!"    
 Jimmy shook his head and looked at Ringman, who was standingless than ten yards away.  "I dunno . .
 . it's that evil laughthat gets me."     That evil laugh . . . that old bwa-ha-ha.  That wassomethi
ng Peter Perfect had _always_ wanted to do.  If evillaughter wasn't prohibited by that darned code o
f paladinhood,he'd . . . he'd . . .     Something snapped.  Something that only Peter Perfect couldh
ear.  It was no louder than a blade of grass dying of thirst, ora bottle of fresh milk evaporating, 
but it was like thundercompared with the boundless silence that had been numbing PeterPerfect's cons
ciousness.  That evil laugh had brought him to thesurface, and allowed him to make another saving th
row against thecharm he was under.  And this time, with the help of the magicitems the Sick Sisters 
had given back to him, he made it.     He felt his warhorse's familiar adamantite saddle underneathh
im; the saddle sores felt welcome indeed.  He surveyed hissituation.  Gross Sword was chortling up a
 storm inside of ananti-magic shell the way Peter had always wanted to do. Ridiculous Sword and Disg
usting Sword were standing there,pondering their next move.  Jimmy was holding the Sick Sword inhis 
right hand and concealing his left behind his back, andpretending to be something more than he was. 
 Homer the browniewas hiding behind Ringman's warhorse.  And Ringman, staring inawe at the fray (or 
lack thereof), was wielding his own dearPrometheus!     He was about to charge over and snatch the h
oly sword fromhis rival's hands, but his combat sense stopped him.  The SickKids would mash him to b
its if they knew he was up and around. He couldn't let them know.  He put his arms out stiffly in fr
ontof him, as they had been when he was charmed, and hoped thatRidiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword
 were too busy to tune in tohis wavelength.     'Prometheus!' his thoughts cried.     Startled, the 
holy sword twitched in Ringman's hand. Fortunately for Prometheus, Ringman was too preoccupied tonot
ice.  'I hear you,' the longsword transmitted telepathically.     'When I tell you too,' Peter Perfe
ct continued withoutflinching, 'Leap into my hand.  _When I tell you to_.'     'Gotcha,' the sword r
eplied.  'It's nice to hear from youagain.'     'Yeah, yeah, whatever.'  Neither of the Sick Girls t
urnedtheir attention to him.  Good.  He watched, and waited.     Gross Sword raised his voice.  "I d
emand one billion goldpieces, in small coins, and safe passage out of this land!"     "Gold pieces?"
 Ridiculous Sword asked.  "What would _you_want with money?"     "Oh yeah," Gross Sword corrected hi
mself, "That was justsomething I heard on one of those old late-night precognitions. But I _still_ d
emand safe passage out of this land!  Or I'll killeach and every living thing within thirty miles, a
nd you won't beable to stop me!"     "Oh, we won't, will we?"  Ridiculous Sword's grin grew aswide t
oday as it ever would.  "Jimmy, it's time!"     Jimmy almost lost control with excitement.  He pulle
d hislong-concealed left hand out from behind his back to reveal: "Secret Weapon XJ-46!" he yelled, 
glinting the secret weapon inthe sunlight.  "A BALLISTA OF AUTOMATIC MISSILE FIRE!!!"     Disgusting
 Sword and Ridiculous Sword whipped out theirOllamh Harps and strummed an incredibly triumphantly dr
amaticchord.  Jimmy continued, "And ballista targets --"     And now everyone joined in, except for 
Peter Perfect who wasstill pretending to be charmed, "-- ARE ARMOR CLASS TEN IFEXPOSED TO SIGHT!"   
  Gross Sword cringed at the oversized crossbow sitting onJimmy's shoulder, at the chain feeding int
o it.  Each link ofthat chain held a missile the size of a javelin with the punch ofa small house.  
He wanted to fireball that kid as fast as hecould.  Or iceball him, or lightningball him, or sonicba
ll him,or whatever he wasn't immune to through the Sick Sword he carriedin his other hand.  But to l
aunch any such attack on him, GrossSword would first have to lower his anti-magic shell -- and thatw
ould leave Ridiculous Sword's final-word weapons open to reducehim to chowder.  There had to be some
 other way for him to remaininvulnerab--     "Ha HAAAH!" Gross Sword suddenly recalled, "My permanen
tdouble-strength potion of invulnerability isn't affected by theanti-magic shell!  You still need a 
+2 or better weapon to hit mewith, but since every weapon that comes near me gets renderednon-magica
l, you won't be able to hit me at all!!"     "Not so!" Jimmy replied in the most majestic tone of vo
icehe had ever used.  Ridiculous Sword had planned for just such acome-uppance, and had given him on
e final contingency.  "Yourinvulnerability requires your opponents to have a weapon of atleast +2 _O
R_ hit dice of 6+2 or greater!"     Gross Sword shook a finger at him.  "No no no no!  I've readpage
 75 of the Book of Infinite Wisdom myself, and the footnotespecifically states that 'This does not a
pply to characters ofany sort'!"     Jimmy grinned.  "But it _does_ apply to monsters."  He flexedhi
s neurons in concentration, and kicked in his permanent potionof polymorph (self).  A startling tran
sformation occurred.  Twoseconds later, he stood before his gross foe as . . . a hillgiant.     A hi
ll giant with a ballista of automatic missile fire.     A hill giant with eight hit dice (plus one t
o two additionalhit points).     "A character with lots of hit dice might not be able to hitsomeone 
who's invulnerable, even if he's shooting at him with aballista," Jimmy explained in a hill-giantish
 voice, "But a_monster_ with lots of hit dice firing a ballista at him can!"     He pulled the trigg
er, and tore the sky apart.  The weapon'scatapult-string twanged back and forth, accepting and relea
singits javelin-sized loads, with an unearthly speed all its own. Shot after shot filled each deadly
 second with over a dozenmissiles, none of which failed to strike home.  Gross Swordcringed under th
e onslaught as the shafts riddled his body,ignoring his permanent double-strength invulnerability an
d allcommon sense.     And he couldn't heal himself.  None of his clerical healingspells or magical 
wish spells or vampiric rings of regenerationwould work unless he dropped the protection of his magi
c-proofsphere -- and lowering his only last-ditch defense would leavehim wide open to Ridiculous Swo
rd's weapons' Final Word attacks. Slaughtered or shish-kabobbed; one was hardly different from theot
her.  His psionic cell adjustment ability would only heal acouple hundred hit points of damage befor
e he exhausted hispsionic power point reserve.  His monk ability of missiledeflection was useless ag
ainst siege missiles like the ones thatwere puncturing his body at that instant.  And he couldn'ttel
eport.     Gross Sword was down to four hundred hit points, anddropping fast. . . .     Three hundre
d hit points.  He still couldn't teleport. . . .     Two hundred hit points.  The supply of missiles
 going intothat ballista still seemed endless. . . .     One hundred hit points.  Instinctively, he 
cowered behindhis own arms . . . which were also impaled.     Weak flesh.  Weak weak weak.  All his 
special training, allthose experience points, all those artifacts he'd collected tomake him indestru
ctible came to nothing now.  He was as naked aswhen he was first born.  As naked as in the womb befo
re hisbirth.  As naked as when Tiamat's seed of evil had first infectedhim.     Fifty-three hit poin
ts.  He looked up, looked around forsalvation.  Jimmy's hill-giantish eyes were merciless.  Hissiste
rs played their Ollamh lutes with mounting tension.  OnlyRingman, among the onlookers, seemed deeply
 concerned.  GrossSword's paladin father bit the knuckle of one of his gauntletsand shook his head w
ith impending sorrow.     Father . . .     Forty-five hit points. . . . Twenty-eight. . . .     Twel
ve. . . .     "_STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP_!!!!!!!"     Jimmy released the trigger on impulse. 
 Everyone froze.  Themusic ceased.  Gross Sword's scream left a wake, a gulf ofdeafening silence.   
  And the mightiest force of chaos and evil in the multiversecollapsed onto his knees and cried.    
 "Mphg," he sobbed into his hands.  "Ahuc ahuc ahuc.  Wh-wh-wh-what -- what've I done?!  WHAT HAVE I
 DONE?!"     Ringman started to stride toward him, feeling urgent.     "No no, Ringman," Jimmy warne
d him, "He's still dangerous!"     "Nononononononononono!" Homer the brownie called out to theninth-
level by-the-book paladin, shaking his head wildly witheach syllable.     Ringman ignored their warn
ings and sauntered toward his son. He took his gauntlets off within the first ten yards; then hishel
met, then his greaves, then the Invulnerable Coat of Arnd. Armorless.  Completely defenseless.  He k
nelt down by his onlymale child.     Gross Sword looked up at him out of his hands, then buriedhis r
eddened eyes right back into his hands again.  (Of course,that didn't keep him from seeing anything,
 because he still hadon his robe of eyes.)  He shook his head and nearly flung off histears.  Then, 
slowly, he looked back into the eyes of his fatheronce more.     He lowered his right hand.  Ringman
 grasped it.     Gross Sword shook his head more slowly, with a furrowedbrow.  "Mom," he winced.  "B
ahamut.  All of the people and non-people.  They didn't deserve it.  They didn't do anything --_anyt
hing_ -- to deserve what I did to them."  He inhaled sharply. "WHY DID I POLLUTE ALL THEIR LIVES?!  
Why . . . why in Hell'sname didn't I listen to the last generation of DisgustingCharacters when they
 told me about Tiamat's seed of evil?!"     'Tiamat's evil seed,' Peter Perfect thought.  'That was 
mydoing.  Hah, revenge never felt so good as that time.'  All theother onlookers were thoroughly dis
tracted.  It was not yet timeto leap into action, but it wouldn't hurt to get into a betterposition.
  He nudged his warhorse ever so subtly with aninvisible squeeze from his legs, and the mount trotte
d, slowlyand non-chalantly, toward Gross Sword and Ringman.     Oblivious to Peter -- and still pres
uming him to be charmed-- Ridiculous Sword and Disgusting Sword also made way towardtheir brother.  
He saw them coming and lowered his anti-magicshield.  More barriers were the last things he needed r
ight now.     "This," Gross Sword went on, pouring out more than nineyears' worth of misery, "This w
as all wrong.  Damn it, I onlyfelt satisfied whenever I did something sadistic!  And everyvictory wa
s as hollow as the ones before it!  All those people Ihurt or killed, all with lives . . . and loves
 . . . of theirown."     He looked into his father's eyes.  They were nearly as redas his own.  "Oh,
 dad!" he sobbed, clutching him, "Why'd I dothat to you and mom?!"     Ringman embraced him back.  H
e could barely breathestraight, his feelings so choked him.  In all senses of thewords, he had final
ly met his son.     Gross Sword broke the hug and looked into Ringman's eyesagain.  Ringman nodded, 
weeping with joy.  "Gross Sword, I thinkI can be really proud of you now."     Gross Sword shook his
 head, unable to accept it.  "Proud ofa mass murderer?  A tyrant?  Proud of Bahamut's and his mother
's-- your love's -- killer?  Proud of the being . . . who couldhave set the whole multiverse back fi
ve thousand years?"     And Ringman couldn't accept that, either.  "I was proud ofyou," he admitted,
 "From the time I first heard you were born."     They hugged each other again, and sat that way for
 a long,long time.  Of all the spectators present, Prometheus was theonly one who was the slightest 
bit agitated.     'Now?' the holy sword begged, telepathically.     'No,' Peter Perfect returned, 'N
ot yet.'     'Then when?!'     'Soon, all right?!' Peter's thoughts barked.  'Geez, you'remore impat
ient than I am!'     'But I wanna kill something!' the sword pouted.     Peter was tempted to bury h
is eyes in his hand and shake hishead, but that would have given him away.  He stood firm asalways, 
arms still out stiff, and waited.  The moment would come.     Gross Sword loosened his tearful embra
ce and looked down athis own waist.  Four adamantite belt loops jutted out from hisBluejeans of Free
 Action.  These loops housed the hafts andblades of the four grossest chaotic-evil weapons in all th
emultiverse.  The Gross Hand Axe, the Gross Longsword, the GrossDagger and, most powerful of all, th
e Gross Broadsword; fourweapons devoted solely to spreading limitless evil and chaosthrough whoever 
chose to wield them.  Their overwhelming powerhad been his idea, and his alone.  Nothing, he had fig
ured, couldwithstand the might of an anti-ranger and anti-paladin who usedthose . . . those . . .   
  "NO!" he blurted, startling everyone there because he stillhad his mind blank spell up and they co
uldn't read his mind.  Hestood up.  "I don't care what powers those two classes give me! I don't . .
 . want . . . to be an anti-paladin or an anti-rangerany more!"     The heavens rebuked -- well, act
ually it was the Abyssesthat rebuked, but you get the idea -- and Gross Sword, the onlyson of Sick S
word and Ringman, gave up the powers of the anti-paladin and the anti-ranger.     Even Ridiculous Sw
ord was impressed.  "Wow," she uttered,finding it difficult to pick the right words.  "Now . . . now
you're only . . . a plain, average, run-of-the-mill psionicdruid/monk/assassin/thief/bard/illusionis
t/cleric/magic-user/weapons master!"     Gross Sword nodded solemnly, his eyes still wet.  "I know. 
A terrible loss -- but no price is too high now."     "What a guy," Disgusting Sword whispered with 
utmostsincerity into her sister's ear.     "I _don't_ want to be some unholy force anymore!" Gross S
wordcontinued.  "I _don't_ want to be evil!  AND I _DON'T_ WANT THESEDAMNED SENTIENT WEAPONS POLLUTI
NG THE MULTIVERSE ANYMORE!!"     He snapped the Gross Longsword and the Gross Dagger out oftheir loo
p-scabbards and hurled them to the grassy ground, wherethey impaled themselves point-first in the ea
rth.  Withoutanother though, he followed up with the Gross Broadsword and theGross Hand Axe, thwunki
ng the broadsword into the ground just ashe had the other two weapons but hurling the axe edge-first
 intothe soil beside them.  He flung the Gross Pair of Gloves off ofhis hands and down next to the b
lades, then drew the Other GrossPair of Gloves from their holsters and cast them away.  That wastwic
e he'd hurled down the gauntlet in as many instants.  Heinhaled vehemently.  "I'm gonna have you six
 DESTROYED!"     The six weapons erupted in light and shone directly on theirowner.  His robe of eye
s was blinded, but he wasn't, of course. "YOU CANNOT DESTROY US," the Gross Weapons boomed together 
asone.  "WE ARE ARTIFACTS.  YOU YOURSELF CREATED US AS MORE THANMERE SENTIENT MAGIC WEAPONS.  WE CAN
NOT _BE_ DESTROYED!"     Ridiculous Sword chuckled for a few seconds, then broke intoroaring laughte
r.  "HA HA HA HA HA!!" she addressed the GrossArtifacts.  "You don't think so, do you?!"  She reache
d into herlast portable hole, and rummaged for a tiny object.  She'd beenawaiting this day ever sinc
e her brother created those weapons inthe first place.  At last, she pulled out the one thing she'd 
hadprepared specifically for this event.     It looked like one of those snap-lidded velvet cases th
atdiamond rings come in.  Disgusting Sword clasped her chest andbeheld the box in splendid wonder.  
Ringman and Jimmy scratchedtheir heads and beheld the box in utter confusion.  Homer thebrownie didn
't know _what_ in Sick Sword's name was going on, buthe was enjoying this whole show more and more. 
 The front of thebox was engraved, in block lettering, with simply, "The Ant Box."     Ridiculous Sw
ord flipped the box open.  "All right, youGross toasties!" she exclaimed.  "It's time for you to mee
t . . .THE HUMBLE ANT!"     "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!" the Gross weapons screamed.     The cen
timeter-long black ant in the box lethargicallylifted its eyes up to Ridiculous Sword, and said, in 
thatlanguage spoken only by ant-kind, "I think you ought to know I'mfeeling very depressed."     She
 picked the ant up on her right index finger.  "Nevermind that," she replied in Antspeak, "I have a 
task for you!"     "I won't enjoy it," the ant informed her.     "I'm not _asking_ you to enjoy it,"
 Ridiculous Sword told it. "I just want you to step on those chaotic-evil artifact weapons."     "<G
ASP>!" the Gross weapons gasped.     "You want me to go step on some artifacts," the ant groaned. "H
ere I am, brain the size of a pinhead and you want me to gostep on some artifacts.  Probably be the 
biggest load on myintellectual capacities today."     "For a humble ant," Jimmy sidetalked to Homer 
the Brownie,"He sure has one pompous ego."     Ridiculous Sword lowered the ant toward the weapons. 
Disdaining his task, the ant grudgingly crawled down from herleft index finger and trudged toward it
s quarry.  It reached theOther Gross Pair of Gloves first.     "ARRRRRRRRRGH!" the gloves screamed. 
 "NOOOOO!  DON'T SENDME BACK TO THE VOID!!"     The ant stepped.  There was a <CRACK> where its foot
 camedown, and in a flash of blue-white light the gloves crumbled todust.     The ant looked down at
 his work and moaned, "I'm not gettingyou down at all am I?"     And since the Gross Pair of Gloves 
was nearest to where theOther Gross Pair of Gloves had been, that was the humble ant'snext target.  
He walked toward it in that way that only humbleants can.     "NONONONONONO!" the Gross Pair of Glov
es Wailed.  "Wh-Whathave I ever done to you?!"     "I have this terrible pain down all the formic ac
id ducts onmy left-hand side," he said with disdain, and destroyed thesecond of the Gross Weapons.  
   'How does that ant manage to destroy BOTH gloves at once bystepping on ONE of them?' Disgusting S
word wondered.     Gross Sword smiled and nodded in revelation-like gratitudeas the ant approached t
he Gross Hand Axe.  The axe wasn't quiteas receptive: "Uh . . . er . . . ah, that is . . . uh . . ."
     "Call this job satisfaction?" the ant asked rhetorically,and stepped on the axe head.  The head
 broke in half and releasedits essence back into the etheric ocean.  "'Cause I don't."     It approa
ched the Gross Longsword.  The weapon shivered withfright.  "It wasn't enjoyable at all, what with b
eing locked upin that box all the time," the ant told it.  "The first tenmillion years were the wors
t.  And the second million years, theywere the worst too.  The third ten million years I didn't enjo
yat all.  After that I went into a bit of a decline."     "B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-ut now you're OUT
 of the box!" thesword argued.  "You can get away from all this and live your ownlife!"     "_LIFE_!
!!" the ant bellowed.  No one present had any ideathat an ant's voice could get that loud.  He crunc
hed downsolidly on the blade, and broke it forever in twain.  "Don't talkto me about life."     Two 
Gross weapons remained.  The Gross Broadsword and theGross Dagger were all that remained of Gross Sw
ord's old evil. The ant approached the dagger, and the blade bargained for itslife: "Hey, ant!  Mayb
e we can make a deal!  Just claim me foryour own and I can give you . . . well, power beyond your wi
ldestimaginings!"     "Sounds awful," the ant replied, and snapped the life out ofthis blade to boot
.     'Whoo,' Peter Perfect thought.  'Some ant.  Glad Prometheusisn't an artifact weapon.'     And 
now, it came down to the Gross Broadsword.  GrossSword's number one weapon throughout his entire Dis
gustingcareer.  The ant treaded his way toward its quarry as before, butthe Gross Sword didn't flinc
h.  It didn't cry out on fear, itdidn't beg for its life -- _it just sat there_.     In an act of gr
eatest contempt, the ant said nothing eitherand just stepped on the blade.     And nothing happened.
     It stepped again.  Again, nothing.  It stepped harder. Still nothing.  The ant looked solemnly 
up at Ridiculous Swordand complained, "Hmmmph.  You seem to have miscalculated."     "Ha HAAAAAH!!" 
the broadsword cheered.  "I knew it!  I _knew_it!  I was Gross Sword's favorite, you see!  I was _mu
ch_ toovaluable to have the foot of a humble ant be the means of _my_destruction!"     Ridiculous Sw
ord smirked.  "You're right.  Being stepped onby an ant isn't the way _you_ were designed to be dest
royed. _You_, Gross Broadsword, can only be destroyed --" She cast a gatespell.  "-- by _HIM_!!"    
 Through the purple glow of the gate stepped the mostmonstrous humanoid being any of them had ever s
een.  It towered48 feet in the air and had skin of solid iron.  The very airshook in his vicinity.  
The being of iron stared down balefullyat the bunch gathered before him and bellowed, "WHO SUMMONS M
E?!"     Ridiculous Sword stepped forward and non-chalantly pointedat the Gross Sword that was still
 on the ground.  "Step on thatartifact," she instructed him.     The being's eyes grew wide with ang
er.  "YOU, A CHILD?!  You_DARE_ SUMMON TALOS FOR SUCH A MIDDLING . . . er, such a middling,uh . . . 
er . . ."  He recognized her.  "Er . . . uh . . . duh,um . . . ooh . . . eeh . . . ah, ah, _OH, PLEA
SE DON'T KILL ME,RIDICULOUS SWORD_!!  I have a wife and seventy-two hundredchildren!  I'm only three
 thousand years old, I'M TOO YOUNG TODIiIiIiIiIE!!!"     Ridiculous Sword shrugged her shoulders.  "
Then step on thatartifact."     Talos nodded meekly.  The Gross Broadsword knew what wascoming next,
 and it wasn't going to take it lying down.  Usingits telekinetic ability, along with its flight pow
er and some ofits unused minutes of being a dancing weapon, the broadswordleapt up and out of stompi
ng range of the Triple Iron Golem.  "OHno ya don't!" the sword barked.  "You're not getting rid of _
me_this easily!"     Without a word, Ridiculous Sword rushed up to the GrossBroadsword and plucked i
t from the air.  The sword vibrated inher hand as it tried to escape.  "Let . . . go . . . of . . .m
e."  The sword was trying to dominate her ego.  A futileattempt, but it tried anyway.  She forced it
 down onto theground.  "Step, Talos," she said with infinite calm.     The iron giant put its foot d
own on the sword.  That is, it_tried_ to put its foot down on the sword, but the sword jerkeditself 
out of the way it the last instant.  Even in RidiculousSword's Atlas-strength grasp it wasn't totall
y immobile.  Talosstepped again, but again the sword evaded the giant iron foot.     Everyone's atte
ntion was on Talos and the Gross Broadsword. The time was perfect.  Peter Perfect vaulted off his wa
rhorse'sadamantite saddle, tumbled across the ground to an uprightposition, and in all the confusion
 made it to Gross Sword's sidebefore even his robe-of-eyes-assisted vision could warn him.  Hehad hi
s hand around the artifact bracelet on his left wrist andhad yanked it off before Gross Sword even r
eacted.     "Now, Prometheus!" he shouted.  Ringman looked down at hishilt just as Prometheus pulled
 itself free.  The sword landedgrip-first in Peter Perfect's right hand.  "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"Peter
 guffawed.  "Now _I_ have the power!!"  And with that, heengaged the helm of teleportation which Dis
gusting Sword andRidiculous Sword had seen no harm in leaving on his head, glowedpurple for a moment
, and vanished.     The Gross Broadsword was so stunned, in fact, it didn't evensee Talos's foot com
ing down, and it died in a fit of breakage.     "M-may I go now?" the Triple Iron Golem asked.     "
Yeah, sure, sure," Ridiculous Sword waved him away, noteven bothering to look straight at him.  Talo
s went back throughthe gate and both disappeared.     "Peter Perfect wasn't even charmed!" Disgustin
g Sword saidwith disgust.  "He fooled us!"     "Yeah . . ." Gross Sword noticed.  "And how the HELL 
did hemanage to do what he just did in a Teleport-Free Zone?"     "Hell," Ridiculous Sword cast a th
umb over her shoulder,"That gate I made shouldn't even have worked.  Teleportation ofANY kind is sup
posed to be prohibited in this region."  She casther eyes skyward.  "_But I guess the DUNGEON MASTER
 forgot aboutthat little detail_!!!"     The skies rumbled once more, and a searing blue bolt of pur
edamage hurled down from the heavens and struck Ridiculous Swordsquarely.  None of her magic items o
f protection could defend herfrom that murderous bolt, as it was thrown directly from theDungeon Mas
ter's hand.  Ridiculous Sword's body lay there in afried heap.     "Ridiculous Sword!" Ringman screa
med, and knelt down besideher.  "OH, MY DEITY!"     And then, ten seconds after her death occurred, 
RidiculousSword stirred and shook herself back to consciousness.  "Mmmm, hidad," she said.     Ringm
an scratched his head in utter confusion.  "But . . .but how did --"     "Easy," his younger daughte
r told him, propping herself upon her elbows, "I was dead, right?  Sent to Heaven, right?  Well,all 
I had to do was cast a raise dead spell on myself and POOF,here I am!"     "This is one Hell of a cr
azy multiverse," Ringman mumbled. "Hey," he noted, "I thought raise dead was a minute spell."     "I
t is," Ridiculous Sword came back, regaining more and moreof her composure with each second.  "Tempu
s fugit's still up. And we can still catch Peter Perfect."     "But how?" Jimmy asked, joining them.
  "Where did he go?"     "Yeah," Gross Sword commented.  "I tried to pick him up onclairvoyance just
 now, but all I got was snow.  He's stillmindblanked."     "All right, then," Ridiculous Sword figur
ed.  "If you were amegalomaniacal paladin, what would you most want to do?"     "Take over the world
," Jimmy said.     Ridiculous Sword winked at him.  "Right.  And if youcouldn't take over the world,
 then what?"         Ringman rubbed his chin, then said, "You'd want to destroyit."     "Uh huh.  An
d that's most likely what he's set out to do."     "Destroy the world?" Disgusting Sword puzzled.  "
Before _we_can find out about it?"     "Right."     Disgusting Sword had a revelation.  "Ohhhhhhhh."
     "All right," Ridiculous Sword drew a breath, "Hang on to mycoat tails, Jimmy.  You, Homer, ride
 with Disgusting Sword, andGross Sword, you take dad, okay?"     Ringman did _not_ catch this at all
.  "Wait, wait a minute. Where are we going?"     By the time he said "we," Gross Sword already had 
him on hisback and Homer and Jimmy had already mounted up.  RidiculousSword leapt into the air and t
old him, "To the basement of theworld!"     The clearing whooshed by beneath them.  Soon, they werep
assing over forests and towns, and then lakes and finally a wideocean.  Ringman was still confused. 
 "And where is this 'basementof the world'?"     "Where else?" Ridiculous Sword chuckled.  "On the b
ottomside of Central Earth.     Ringman mouthed the words "bottom side," then asked, "Youmean it's _
flat_?"     "Sure!  What did you think it was anyway, round?  Hah, we'dall fall off then!"     "Well
, that makes sense," Homer the brownie concurred.     The ocean passed serenely beneath them.  Soon,
 the blue ofthe sky faded to a black, velvet backdrop against which the starsshone more brightly tha
n they ever did at night.  They werereaching The Edge.  Ringman pointed helplessly as the boundary o
fCentral Earth -- circular, but so vast that up close it lookedstraight -- rushed by beneath them, a
nd they were in free space.     "Whoa," Ringman moaned, feeling uneasily giddy.  "Whoa, thisfeels we
ird!"     "We're weightless now," Disgusting Sword informed him. "That's what happens whenever you l
eave the plate."     Ringman nodded.  "I'll remember that next time I happen tocome here."     Ridic
ulous Sword dipped down -- not that down had any realmeaning anymore -- and swung past The Edge.  Ri
ngman lookedforward and saw the stars in their sphere of perfectly hard etherswoop past; over his sh
oulder, the dirt and rock of The Edgeobscured more and more of the blue-capped top of that beautiful
world.  And at last, The Bottom reached his view.     The Bottom was nothing like the blue-lit majes
ty of The Top. It was in deep night now, and would be until the sun set andpassed its light from the
 world above to the world below.  Yeteven by the dim light of the stars alone, Ringman could make ou
tthe contours.  It was rough and craggy, dripping with stalactitesof rock and dirt.  There was no li
ving sound, not even the breathof life; only a hollow echo of their swift passage through thisOther 
World.  The hanging peaks passed above him, and he realizedthat they were, indeed, _above_ him.  Bac
k under the plate,gravity had returned.     Homer, of course, merely hung on for dear life through a
llof this.     Their course hugged the mountainbottoms and aimed straightfor the other side of the w
orld.  In this space without blue air,the other side could clearly be seen, even though its true siz
ewas impossible to grasp.  But it was not the opposite side of theplate that was their goal; it was 
the center.  Ringman peeredwith as keen an un-disgusting eye as he could manage, and saw it. He was 
the first non-disgusting character in the history ofCentral Earth to see it.  A tiny, tiny thread st
retched down fromthe center of the world and lost itself in the unfathomabledepths below.  The North
 Pole of Central Earth.  That was theaxis along which the plate rested, the reference point thatindi
cated which direction "down" was.     "That thread," Ridiculous Sword told him, "Is called theThread
 of Gravity.  It's what generates our weight on CentralEarth.  Without that, everything would float 
off into freespace."     Jimmy scratched his head.  He had only been disgusting for afew weeks, and 
hadn't learned everything yet.  "So then . . .that means that the plate itself should weigh somethin
g also."     Ridiculous Sword nodded.  "That's right.  It does."     "So then," Ringman interjected,
 "What's holding it up?"     "Atlas," the Sick Kids said in chorus.     Finally, it all started to d
awn to Ringman.  Atlas had thejob of holding up Central Earth.  If Peter Perfect wanted todestroy th
e whole world, his best bet would be to get rid of thepillar that was holding it up.  That would be 
Atlas.  That waswhy he took the Other Bracer of Irresistible Damage from GrossSword to begin with.  
   The Center of Central Earth came closer and closer intoview.  Ringman could make out a tiny silho
uette on the end of thethread pushed right up against the plate.  It was a humanoidsilhouette -- no,
 _two_ humanoid silhouettes.  At last, RidiculousSword cast a continual light spell on the nearest s
talactite andilluminated the situation in both senses of the words.     Atlas, who was no larger tha
n your average Greek athlete,was still holding up Central Earth -- but just barely.  Terriblewounds 
more than justified the exhaustion in his eyes and face. His feet could barely keep their grip on th
e thread.  Next to theteetering titan stood a grinning Peter Perfect, waving Prometheusto exalt the 
blood that now stained it.  He had wanted them tocatch up with him, to see his moment of triumph.  R
idiculousSword levitated herself up to the bottom of Central Earth andused the inverted surface to r
un toward him at her full runningspeed.     Peter Perfect put up a restraining hand and stepped toAt
las's side.  Ridiculous Sword stopped herself.  Prometheus wentdown so that it just covered the worl
d-holder's throat, and theOther Bracer of Irresistible Damage around Peter's wrist pulsedin blue-whi
te readiness.  "One more step, Sick Kids," thedisgusting paladin announced, "And Atlas here gets it!
"     'Hoo boy,' Ringman thought.  Jimmy's thoughts ran along thesame lines.  Homer was too frighten
ed to think.     Gross Sword looked him levelly in the eye.  He never didlike this poor excuse for a
 paladin, but now his dislike for himwas for different reasons.  "You don't really want to do this,"
Gross Sword said to him.     Peter Perfect did a take.  "What do you _mean_ I don't wantto do this?!
  Of _course_ I want to do this!!"     "You want to destroy everything on Central Earth justbecause 
_you_ can't have it all?" Gross Sword put to him.     "Darned right!" Peter exclaimed.  "Stupid old 
world.  Whatdid it ever do for _me_, anyways?  And besides, you people seem soattached to this miser
able little planet, full of so much vilefilth and sin and nasty other things that we paladins are ou
t todestroy, that if you don't agree to give me total control overall beings on this planet, I'll sn
uff out Atlas right here andnow!"     "And what would you do with total control?" Gross Swordpressed
 on.     "What would I _do_ with it?  Why, rule over it, of course!"     "You mean play with it as y
ou pleased."     "Exactly!"     "Like a toy, whose only purpose was to amuse you."     "Yeah!"     "
And you call yourself a lawful-good paladin?" Gross Swordand Ringman asked at the same time.     Pet
er Perfect's eyes darted worriedly to either side.  Hestill _felt_ like he had his paladin powers.  
Sort of.  Didn't he? He shook his head, and with utter contempt, slashed the lastslash across Atlas'
s neck.  After the Other Bracer ofIrresistible Damage, his Titan Strength, the Axe of the DwarvishLo
rds' +2 weapon damage bonus, the cause-serious-wounds-by-touchpower of the Talisman of Al'Akbar, and
 Prometheus's own +6magical bonus, he ended up doing 242 damage points, killing theTitan-Who-Holds-U
p-the-World instantly and inflicting temporaryparalysis on him to boot.     And amid gaping horrors,
 Central Earth fell.     No earthquake could match what happened on the plate's UpperSurface.  No wo
rds can describe the sudden and inexplicable lossof weight that everything thereon experienced.  On 
a world thathad grown up with and evolved everything it had into the conceptof _gravity_ -- for over
 four billion years -- freefall was simplynot within the realm of understanding.  Nor would it be fo
r long,as it was gravity's task also to hold the blue air to the surfaceof the world.     And as it 
fell, it landed on something.  Something that wasalready in freefall.  Peter Perfect.  The blow was 
nothing morethan the force of, say, walking across a room and not stoppingbefore you ran into the wa
ll.  Not enough to hurt anyone.  Notnormally.     But the Book of Infinite Wisdom, or perhaps it was
 anecessary reality-building article in Dragon & Dragrace, made astipulation about that.  It said th
at whenever a solid objectlands on somebody else, that object does a certain number of d6worth of da
mage for every hundred pounds it weighs.  CentralEarth weighed six billion trillion tons.  And since
 there was atleast a _little_ mithral that hadn't yet been mined out of itscrust, it was considered 
a +4 or better weapon with regard towhat kinds of creatures it could affect.  Peter Perfect'spermane
nt potion of invulnerability thus rendered useless, he andeven his adamantite full plate armor were 
squished into anunrecognizable bloody wet-spot a mile across.     "Gee," Jimmy commented, "He didn't
 even say goodbye."     "Yeah," Ringman noted, now in freefall himself, "But thatdidn't keep Central
 Earth from falling!"     "Somebody's got to catch it," Disgusting Sword commented.     "Who'd be st
rong enough?" Ringman asked.     "Somebody as strong as Atlas," Ridiculous Sword replied,non-chalant
ly.  "Don't forget who you're in the company of."     Ridiculous Sword flexed her 25*-strength muscl
es andprepared to halt the falling slab . . . but Gross Sword slid inahead of her.  He braced his At
las-strength legs against thethread that was the North Pole, held up his Atlas-strength hands,and wi
th a calming breath and about three inches off leeway, hebrought the world to a stop.     Having wei
ght return to the people up top so abruptly wasalmost as big a shock as having it leave in the first
 place. Massive property damage ensued, and most everyone was severelyshaken up -- but fortunately, 
no one was hurt.     Ridiculous Sword caught her falling father with ease, nottaking her eyes from h
er brother.  Gross Sword stood there,holding up the world between his shoulders, and heaved a mighty
sigh of relief.  Central Earth and all its inhabitants were safe-- safe from losing their atmosphere
 to free space, and safe fromthe Old Gross Sword's petty wrath.     "Now," said Ridiculous Sword, "H
ow are we going to braceit?"     "Uh, brace it?" Gross Sword asked.     "Sure.  You can't just keep 
holding it up forever.  We'vegotta brace it with something."     Gross Sword thought for an instant,
 then shook his head indismay.  "It would take a column of adamantite bigger than allthe adamantite 
in existence to support this much weight.  Theonly force strong enough to hold up Central Earth, and
 keep itheld up, is somebody with twenty-five star strength.  Like me."     Ringman's brow furrowed.
  "But . . . but you can't just stayhere forever!"     "Sure I can," Gross Sword surmised.  "Every t
welve years orso I can set Central Earth down on my shoulder blades and buy apotion of longevity fro
m the Black Magic Market for Black MarketMagic.  Uh, make that several potions of longevity, so that
 ifthe first one backfires I can cancel it real quick.  And then Ican pick Central Earth up again an
d go back to work."     Ringman shook his head.  "And what kind of a life is THAT?!"     Gross Sword
 sighed.  "A sacrificial one.  Hell, I got usinto this scrape in the first place.  If I hadn't been 
suckeredover to the evil side of things, we could have all gone outtogether and ridded ourselves of 
Peter Perfect once and for all.  have to repay this world for the damage I've done.  This is theonly
 way I know how."     "No," Ridiculous Sword replied.  "There's another way.  Wecan train huge numbe
rs of people to have 25-star strength, andhave them take turns holding up the plate.  For which they
'll getpaid five silver pieces an hour, or some such."     Gross Sword brightened up for a fleeting 
instant, then sankback.  "No, it's better this way.  I don't deserve --"     Ridiculous Sword cut hi
m off.  "Damn it, Gross Sword, YOU'REWORTH MORE THAN THIS!!"     Gross Sword blinked his eyes, reali
zing something but sayingnothing.     Ridiculous Sword wrinkled her mouth shut and nodded.  "Let'sgo
.  Gross Sword, we're going to get you out of this predicamenteven if you won't."     She took Ringm
an's hand and gestured to Disgusting Sword,Jimmy, and Homer.  Prometheus slid itself into Ringman's 
sheath,grudgingly coming back to its first master for the third time. The war was over.  It was time
 for the healing to begin.                             EPILOG     Fordinchuarlikomfterrablaxxuuuuuch
h'chh'chh-pt did not fitRingman's concept of an ideal vacation spot.  Ridiculous Swordtook him to th
at plane with _nothing_, since no materialpossessions other than those created there could make the 
voyage. Ringman and his younger daughter materialized stark-naked in themiddle of a fuzzy, cold gree
n place.  It took nearly a minute forthe paladin's vision to clear, for the green to resolve itselfi
nto grass, and for him to cringe as a _not_-so-naked woman rushedout to greet them.  He instinctivel
y crossed his hands over hisgroin.     Ringman expected this woman to shout insults at them formucki
ng about on _her_ lawn with all this interplanar travelnonsense, but instead she smiled and waved to
 them.  She pulledthe front of her skirt away from her legs and bounded towardthem, unable to concea
l her more-than-well-fed bulk.  "FireEater!" she cried out, "Fire Eater!  You've come back!  Y--"   
  She stopped about twenty feet away, finally able to make outtheir features.  "Oh, excuse me," she 
apologized, one hand on herheaving chest.  "I thought . . . say, are you two any relation tothe Fire
 Eater?"     Ridiculous Sword extended a psionic probe and gleaned apicture of the "Fire Eater" from
 the woman's mind.  The memorywas more than eleven years old, but it was clearly of Sick Sword. Ridi
culous Sword nodded her head solemnly.  "The Fire Eater'sdead."     "Oh."  The woman felt concerned 
for a few instants, then itpassed.  Especially when she took a good look at Ringman.  Herlips slowly
 broke into a smile.  "Hey, what's _your_ name?"     "Ringman," he replied, now shivering from the m
orning cold. He felt somewhat imposed upon, as well, until he looked into herbright little eyes.  "W
hat's yours?"     She put her hands on his shoulders.  "My name's Izabella." She looked down a littl
e lower.  "Mmm, you have quite aphysique."  She looked still lower.  "Yes, quite. . . ."     "Thanks
," Ringman replied, his teeth now chattering. Whoever invented the morning chill should be skewered.
  "B-b-butc-c-could you g-get me some c-c-clothes to wear?"     Izabella puzzled momentarily, then l
eapt back to reality. "Oh, oh sure.  Sorry.  Follow me."     She led them both into her farm house, 
gave them each one ofher old tattered terrycloth robes, and sat them down around asmall circular kit
chen table.  She also poured them each a hotdrink.  As far as Ringman was concerned, hot dirty water
 nevertasted so good as now.     "We're here," Ridiculous Sword broke in, "Because my mother-- the F
ire Eater -- promised to come back here one day to checkup on things.  She never got around to it.  
So I decided to bringmy father here and myself."     Izabella's bright little eyes narrowed to scrut
iny as shecame closer to Ringman.  "You were the Fire Eater's wife?"     "Well," Ringman shrugged, "
For all intents and purposes,yes."     She stared at him out of the corner of her eye.  "You meanyou
 two weren't legally married?"     "No, as a matter of fact, the Other Book of Infinite Wisdomhadn't
 come out by then.  And that was the first place whichlisted a marriage spell."     Izabella shrugge
d.  "Oh, all right then," she complied, andsat down next to him.  A little too close next to him, by
 mostcounts, but Ringman smiled and put his right arm around heranyway.     "So," Ridiculous Sword c
ontinued, "How well have things beenworking out here in North . . . uh, North . . ."     "North Flie
dershire," Izabella filled in the name of thetown.  "By the way, Ringman, how old are you?"     "Thi
rty-two years young," he replied with a chuckle.  "AndRidiculous Sword here is ten, and my other dau
ghter and my sonare eleven and nine, respectively."     "Her name's Ridiculous Sword?"     He shrugg
ed.  "Sick Sword picked it out."     "Ah.  And, um, why didn't you bring your whole family here,Ring
man?"     "Well," Ridiculous Sword told her, "Gross Sword -- that's mybrother -- is out holding up t
he entire planet of Central Earth;and Disgusting Sword has already recruited over two thousandAtlas-
strength people to take turns taking Gross Sword's placeand is looking for more."     _Holding up th
e planet_? Izabella mouthed in astonishment.     "Oh, and Dad didn't bring me here," Ridiculous Swor
dfinished; "I brought him."     "Mmm hmm," Izabella nodded slowly.  "So I see that the FireEater's p
ower runs in the family."     "And more," Ridiculous Sword stated matter-of-factly.     Izabella rai
sed her eyebrows, then realized she hadn't beenpaying attention to Ringman for nearly thirty seconds
 and put herleft arm around his shoulders.  "And, uh, what happened that yourbrother has to hold up 
the planet?"     Ridiculous Sword sighed.  "Some jerk who called himself'Peter Perfect' killed Atlas
, so _somebody_ had to stay and keepthe world from falling."     "Yeah," Ringman agreed.  "Good thin
g the fall killed _him_,too, or you kids might have had to get your hands dirty.  Hisbody got so spl
attered there's no _way_ anybody could resurrecthim now; so he'll stay in Heaven, completely out of 
harm's wayuntil some dummy decides to reincarnate him."     "He killed Atlas and he _still_ got to g
o to Heaven?"     "You betcha," Ringman said; "He was lawful-good.  Hmmm . . .I wonder how he's maki
ng out in Heaven right now. . . ."     Ridiculous Sword whacked herself on her 19-intelligenceforehe
ad.  "Thanks for reminding me."  She cupped her hands infront of Ringman and projected some blue-whi
te mental energythere.  "Peter Perfect sent me a telepagram from Heaven just thismorning.  Here, tak
e a look."     Ringman and Izabella drew closer as an image formed out ofthe blue void.  A blond-hai
red man wearing a gold ring over hishead and a winged white choir robe resolved himself against abac
kdrop of clouds and others dressed like him.  He was holdinghis ears vehemently and screaming: "I CA
N'T STAND THIS ANYMORE!! All I ever meet are a bunch of peace-minded angels strummingtheir stupid ha
rps!  BLEACCH!  Not even a lousy stinking littlepiece of EVIL to stomp on!  THIS IS NO FUN AT ALL!!!
"     Ringman snorted a chuckle.  "Looks like he's gone to hellafter all."     Ridiculous Sword fold
ed her hands and the image vanished. "Getting back to why I came here in the first place: how hasNor
th Fliedershire been holding out since the Fire Eater was lasthere?"     "Oh, _wonderfully_," Izabel
la said with a lilt.  "That nastyold Smaugzilla made an excellent set of luggage.  And it was niceno
t having a dragon burn down all your crops all the time, too. Funny thing, though -- I always though
t dragons had huge treasurehordes inside their caves.  When the townsfolk excavated thisone, all the
y found was an egg five feet across."     "An egg?" Ridiculous Sword sat up.  "A dragon's egg?"     
"Well, we think so.  If it is we'll give the dragon babyeverything we've got to make it turn out goo
d instead of evillike its mother."     "Make a red dragon turn out good?" Ridiculous Sword's voicego
t more urgent.  "And this egg's been there for over elevenyears.  My God II, its incubation period's
 almost up!  We have toget there, and I mean _now_!"     Izabella shook her head nervously.  "Um, th
ere are somehorses in the garage, if --"     "No, I mean _right now_!"  She reached across the table
 andgrasped Ringman's and Izabella's free hands.  "Have you been tothis place where the egg is?"    
 "Oh, countless times," Izabella told her.     "Good.  I want you to close your eyes, and visualize 
thisplace in your mind."     She closed her eyes.  Ridiculous Sword picked up on herthoughts; they w
ere a bit foggy.     "Really see this place in your head," Ridiculous Swordpushed her onward.  "Visu
alize every detail you ever saw when youwere last there.  Every shade, every sound, every scent -- e
venthe air temperature, if you can remember it."     Izabella did.  The image of the cave's mouth an
d the woodenfence came in as sharply as the stars in space.     "Good.  Now --"  Boink.  "-- is this
 it?"     Izabella opened her eyes and gasped.  She was actuallythere!  It was a lot cooler than the
 time she'd just visualized,since the last time she'd been there was in early afternoon, butthis was
 the place!     "Teleportation," Ridiculous Sword told her.  "I do it allthe time.  And that," she c
rossed the two-foot-high wooden picketand stared at the red, speckled bulb in its center, "Must beSm
augzilla's egg."     "Uh huh," Izabella nodded.     Ringman furrowed his brow.  Despite being an obs
cure ninth-level by-the-book paladin, he did have certain powers of his ownwhich he could exercise. 
 "That's funny," he commented after afew seconds, "It's supposed to be a red dragon egg, but I don't
detect any evil coming from it."     "Me neither," Ridiculous Sword concurred.  "This is damnedstran
ge."  She looked a bit more intently at the egg.  "My GodII!" she exclaimed.  "Look at this X-ray pi
cture!"     "How?" Ringman and Izabella asked simultaneously.     "Oh, sorry," Ridiculous Sword caug
ht herself.  "That isn't ababy red dragon in there at all!"     "No?" Ringman asked.     "No!  The n
eck's the wrong length, the head resembles ahorse more than it does a lizard, and the skin has a met
allicsheen -- and there's not the slightest sign of deformity!  It'sjust a plain, straight different
 species of _draco_!"     Izabella's eyes grew suddenly distant.  "The legend!"     "Huh?" Ringman a
sked.  "What legend?"     "Not another one of _these_ again," Ridiculous Swordmuttered.     "The leg
end of the Fire Eater's leftovers!" Izabellaexclaimed.     "Ah, well that clarifies EVERYthing," Rin
gman muttered. Life in the multiverse could get _so_ confusing.  At times likethese he wished it was
 all just castles and damsels and dragonsand things once again -- those he could understand.     "'A
fter the Fire Eater's triumph,'" Izabella recited,"'Eleven cycles of Hyperion's bronze chariot will 
go, and thenthe fruits of the dragon's demise will ripen and a force that hadbeen lost will be repla
ced in the universe.'  The legend musthave been talking about this baby dragon!"     "Or it could ha
ve been talking about baked potatoes,"Ridiculous Sword sneered.  "That's the thing about these legen
ds,they're all so vague.  But I tell you what, there's only one waywe're going to find out.  Stand b
ack."     Izabella stepped back a few feet.  Ringman grabbed her andpulled her behind a rock.  "When
 she says stand back," he toldher, "She means it."     "Normally a baby dragon can hatch from its eg
g within sixmonths," Ridiculous Sword explained, "IF it has the warm body ofits mother to incubate i
t.  If not, the embryo won't die, butit'll mature about as slowly as glass runs downhill.  It can ta
keupwards of eleven years.  This dragonette here is on the verge ofhatching; it just needs a little 
warmth to encourage it to comeout of its shell."     "Uh, how much warmth?" Izabella asked.  Ringman
 suppressed asnicker.     "Oh, about the equivalent of --"  Ridiculous Sword cast afireball spell an
d centered it right on the egg.  The woodenfence turned to ash, the rocks inside of it glowed a cher
ry red,and Ridiculous Sword's terrycloth robe disintegrated.  Her hairwas a little mussed up, too; a
fter all, a double-strengthpermanent potion of fire resistance could only do so much.  "--Red dragon
 breath."     Ringman and Izabella came out from behind the rock in timeto see the egg crack.  The f
irst shell fragment fell away, and apolished (but damp) foot-long dragon head poked out of the holea
nd glanced around.  Not seeing its mommy, it shut its eyes andwailed a few bucketfulls of tears.    
 Ridiculous Sword gabbed the head and stroked it.  Thatcalmed it down a bit, and gave it enough ince
ntive to bust therest of the way out of its shell.  The sun chose just that momentto peer over the h
orizon, and glinted off its dew-specked dragonskin with an silvery-golden light.     "My deity!" Rin
gman whispered.  "A silver dragon!"     Ridiculous Sword looked back up at him and shook her head. "
No.  A platinum dragon."     "Platinum?" Ringman mouthed.     "The first one to be born in over two 
thousand years.  Thefirst one to be born . . . since Bahamut."     "A new lord of the dragons . . ."
 Ringman mused.     "He'll have a lot to learn before he can become _that_ -- buthe has 401 years be
fore he's an ancient dragon and ready for thatposition, anyway."     "Um, you're sure it's a he?" Ri
ngman asked suspiciously.     "Sure," his daughter assured him.  "All platinum dragonsever born are 
male.  And besides, I checked."     This puzzled the paladin still further.  "But if allplatinum dra
gons are male, that means that they can't reproduce."     "That's 'cause they're a hybrid.  You see,
 when a gold and asilver dragon mate, they produce an electrum dragon.  If thiselectrum dragon then 
goes on and mates with a speaking, spell-using dragon of another species -- any species, good or evi
l --they either produce _no_ offspring, which is usually the case, orthey produce one of these."  Sh
e indicated the platinum dragonchick in her arms.  "That's how Bahamut was born in the firstplace." 
    "So, then," Izabella put the pieces together, "Smaugzillahad to have mated with one of those ele
ctric dragons?"     "Electr_um_ dragons; and yes.  These affairs are rareoccurrences indeed, because
 electrum dragons never live past theage of sub-adulthood.  But this one's here, and we're going tok
eep it that way until he's able to take care of himself."     Ringman whistled.  "Four hundred and o
ne years.  Heck, it'lltake him fifty years just to grow into a full adult.  That's alot of time to d
evote to one creature."     "Mm hmm.  Matter of fact, he'd probably be best off if hewere taken care
 of by someone from North Fliedershire.  Like you,for instance, Izabella."     Izabella gulped.  "M-
me?  But I couldn't even raise cowsright!  I don't know anything about raising dragons!"     "They c
an pretty much take care of themselves.  Just feedhim scrambled eggs and teach him how to speak -- a
nd he'll beable to tell you everything he needs by the time he's six monthsold.  Send him off to mag
ic college when he's 1, and he'll becasting first-level spells before you know it."     Izabella shr
ugged.  "Sounds simple enough, but --" shesmiled at Ringman "-- I could sure use a nice strong man t
o stayand help me raise this dragon."     Ringman pursed his lips.  "Or you and the platinum dragonc
ould come back to Central Earth with me.  I have a great littlekeep set up in town. . . ."     She s
troked a finger along the hairy, exposed portion of hischest.  "Well, we'll see."     "A new Bahamut
," Ridiculous Sword nodded and smiled.  Thedragon cuddled up against her chest and purred.  "A beaut
iful newBahamut.  I wonder what we should name him."     "Bahamut the second?" Izabella offered.    
 "Bahamut junior," Ringman chuckled.     Ridiculous Sword rubbed her chin.  "How about Sick Dragon?"
     "NO!" Izabella and Ringman shouted as one.     "You tell 'em!" a distant voice from behind intr
uded.     "Huh?"  Ridiculous Sword turned around first, unaccustomedto being without the 360-degree 
aid of her robe of eyes.  A nakedboy was running toward them.  He was easy to recognize.     "Hi, Ri
d!" Jimmy said as he arrived two seconds later.  Hewould have been out of breath except that he had 
an 18constitution.  "Hi, Mr. Ringman!"     "Jimmy, what are you doing here?" Ridiculous Sword askedw
ith one fist on her hip.     "Oh, just trying out some psionic plane travelling.  Ishoulda guessed f
rom the piles of junk that fell to the floorwhen you two left that this plane doesn't allow any carr
y-onluggage, but oh well.  Hey, who's the fat broad?"     "Izabella," Ringman stared him levelly in 
the eye, "My newgirl-friend."     Jimmy stopped himself.  "Oh. . . . And who's the dragon?"     "Bah
amut the second," "Bahamut junior," and "Sick Dragon"all came out at once.     Jimmy thought for a s
econd.  "How about just calling him'Bahamut,' like the old one?"     "Well . . . why not?" Ridiculou
s Sword acquiesced.     "Sure."     "Sounds good to me."     "Good," Jimmy sealed their agreement.  
"But anyway, R.S.,there was somethin' that's been buggin' me."     "Yes? . . ."     "When I turned i
nto that hill giant and attacked GrossSwordwith the ballista of automatic missile fire?"     "Mm hmm
 . . ."     "That shouldn't've worked.  Just because a hill giant has6+2 or more hit dice doesn't me
an _I_ got to have 6+2 or more hitdice.  I was only fifth-level at the time.  I shouldn't have beena
ble to affect him."     "I was wondering when you were going to figure that out,"Ridiculous Sword to
ld him.  "I won't tell the Dungeon Master ifyou won't."     Jimmy mopped his brow in relief.  "Agree
d.  Oh, and one morething . . . about how I helped with stopping Gross Sword andPeter Perfect and --
"     Ridiculous Sword held up a restraining hand.  "Wait . . .don't tell me --"     Jimmy nodded, a
nd he, Ridiculous Sword, and Ringman alljoined in chanting the immortal words:     "HOW MANY EXPERIE
NCE POINTS DO WE GET?"-- Jeff Boeing / Roger M. Wilcox         cbcsc063@ma.secs.csun.edu------------
----------------------------------------------------"Estas malpermesita entrudi sin en la evoluon de
 pli naivajkulturoj."  -- La Unua Direktivo, pli aw malpli
